- Oh, yeah, Kevin. (Laughter) - What do you feel like? - Try it. Say something. - It's like a... (Laughs) You know what it's like? - No, no, no, no. You must tell me in here what it's like. Okay. - It's like being... (Laughs) - I can't talk like that. It's like you're... - No, no, no, no, no... - Come on. - It's like... Being in a... Spaceship. (Laughter) - I want to write something about the movie. (Mechanical whirring) Is there some common thing about you other than your age? - I think between us we've got a fair cross-section of... - But it's not really an accurate cross-section. - No, but it's a cross-section. - It's all we can do. - Yeah. - You got into fantastic subtitles because a lot of people might call us all one section when in fact that even in a smaller section there's smaller sections and in smaller sections, there's even smaller sections. - In the film medium... - The medium is the message? - Yeah, right. Two columns: One visual and one audio. - What scenes have you just generally mapped out? - Well, like, in the movie we'll be... (Jackhammer) (Chatter) - Isn't that beautiful? - It's fantastic. - I'm just wondering what type of film it will be, whether it will be all hippie or if this is to do with teenagers, if it's to do with teenagers. I know that it isn't teenagers. All teenagers aren't hippies. - Yeah. Well, you're not and you're here. - Yes, and that's what I'm wondering. - The kids are deciding what the film's going to be. Is that right? - It's pretty difficult to argue with 30 kids. (Laughter) - So, oh, what a freak show. (Laughter) (Doo-wop music) - Is anyone... oh, it's me. I'm getting two notes. - Take three. Here we go. Okay, let's do it. Christopher's movie matinee - You're it. We're going on a holiday heading somewhere far away I don't like the cold anyway just want a little warmth every day and night if it's all right the rain is falling the month is June I'm so jived I can't resist the spoon of your sugar to sweeten the moon come let's make our getaway we can't last another day survival is the only way we're going on a holiday find a way we'll leave today - I think you'd be wise to get a permit from... Mr. Thompson. - What do we need the permit for though? - You need a permit to take pictures in the park here, if they're to be used for other than private purposes. - Is there any place you can take pictures? - Pardon. - Is there any place you can take pictures or is that all... - If you want to come in as a family and take your picture, that's perfectly okay. - We're family. We're a family. - But if you want... If you want to come in and take pictures for the national film board or, or for commercial... for television or something like that, I would think that it would be wise to get a permit from pw Thompson, the commissioner Metro parks department. - How long does it take to get a permit? - I don't know. He's down on the 10th floor, east tower, city hall. (Tires crunch on gravel) - Bye. Be sure to bring your mandolin we've got to keep our handle in the pot which after all is hot see the box we're finally in - no, we're just a group of kids, but we've got some cameramen from the national film board with us. We're laughing freaks who live to grin - may I please ask for a permit to be made out to a group of kids who are doing a film in the etienne brule park. If you think this means we can win? (Car honking) - Hello? - Who the hell is this? Baby, here's where we came in (cars whooshing) Goodbye-a ye-a ye-a ye goodbye-aye-a ye I'm away movie matinee (cars whooshing) - We have to get a permit, don't we? - She just wanted somebody to come down and sign it. - Just one person or a whole bunch? - She said one person. I said we'd all go. - Let's all go... - Down to the 10th floor of the... West building in the city hall. And she gave me a list of rules, and she said that I was supposed to phone this other division, but she said she'd do it for me. (Engine revving) - Malcolm's shooting. - Malcolm, have you got your license as a photographer? - Whatever you turned on, you better turn it off fast. - Get a shot of Malcolm shooting. - Hey, look at that. Look at the duck. - It's a Mallard. - Money. - You're wasting our film, mort. - Cause it's running out. (Laughter) - Is next week gonna be spontaneous? - Some guy's gonna have a little script and he knows what he's gonna say... - No, not a script. No script. - So be spontaneous then. - Yeah, well some guy will just say, this is roughly what we want to say and say it 'cause we've got to have some idea of what we want to do if we're shooting an actual scene. Like the one... there's gonna be a scene with this guy, like a mock of an army sergeant. We just tell him roughly what we want him to say. - But we have to really know what he's gonna say. - He should think it over in his head first, so he doesn't get all mixed up. - I can't afford that footage. - Hey, another cop. - Malcolm will pay for it. Don't worry about it. - I think we have a friend of the friendly men in blue here. - All right. - This is supposed to be part of his duty. - Really? - And punching babies - oh no. - I know, but you're gonna get nailed for police brutality, even if he hits you first. - You can have a stick, and hit him over the head though. - When was the last time somebody was nailed for police brutality? Give me an example. - Who's gonna nail them? - Yeah, the police? - No. - Anybody see wojeck the other night? (Engine revving) - Five minutes ago, before I come down here, I stopped a car. Two fellas in this car fit the description to a t for armed robbery yesterday. Now, if I just let them go, for fear of police brutality, what would that make me? (Chatter) - So the judge would have to interpret it. - Mmm-hmm. - We rest our case. - Yes, can we steal one of these? You've only got one left anyway. (Laughter) - Should make about 15 out here. - I think we're worrying about what's the purpose of the film? What's the nature of it? - So far, for the past week, we haven't had any... - Now what if I told you that I thought the shot was... Uh, was stupid. Should I go ahead and shoot it anyway, because then I'm putting my professional reputation on the line as a cameraman. - Yeah. - Well, tell us what you think of it before you... What you think of the whole situation. - It shouldn't be just up to any one person to go up to you and say, I think you ought to shoot this because it's what I'm thinking and I like it. If it's a group effort, then everybody ought to say whether they think it's a good idea or not. - We've been faced with all different policies. Like you say all right, if you don't like this, go ahead and say so, all right. So Roger and I decided to film you getting mad at us. You were gonna film us getting mad at you. Okay? So we do this and it kind of flops off in the first stage. And then you come up and say we can't afford that. Yet you encouraged that sort of thing in the first place. What's the point, you see? We're faced with all this different policy here. If you want a film organized, we're vastly capable of organizing it, we're capable of choosing the right sets, we can get... You just sit back on your fannies and earn. We'll arrange the whole movie. We'll tell you, "bring the camera here," and you can direct it from there on, and we'll have the whole movie ready for you. - Well, couldn't you ask... - And then you can edit it and do anything after that, but I mean, tell us what you want for Pete's sake. - Couldn't you ask Martin to show me getting mad at you? - I did. - Which you probably did anyway. - Sure he did. - No, but you didn't, did you? You took the camera. Do you wanna see the film that you shot? What happens if it doesn't come out? Will you have me getting mad at you, if it doesn't come out? - Martin will. Martin will. - Well, I didn't object to Martin shooting me getting angry. Did I? - No. - I objected to you... I objected to you shooting off a roll of film. - It wasn't a full roll when we got it. - No, but I didn't stop him right away either. - Yeah, but you didn't know right away either, did you? - Conflict. (Laughter) - The point, you know, the point is we're not really giving you the... The camera, we're giving you the crew. Like I don't object to... - All right so say that! But you haven't said that before, you see. Now you've said it. All right, that's fine. - No, no, no. I said it right at the very beginning, that we were... That what we would do is work out the filmic expression with you while we were shooting. When you talk... when we talked about, when we talked about limits of control... - But we haven't really, you know. You've said some, but I mean, you know, just make it clear. Stand up now and say, "this is the way it's going to be," and we'll do it for you. - Well, - but I can't stand this way. It's just messing around right now. I mean, it's fine for a few days. All right. We've got lots of pretty little cut shots, you know, and everything will look fine. It'll look all so spontaneous, and everybody will think what a marvelous little film, but let's get down to business. ('60s rock music) Do you want subtitles for any video? -=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=- Right out of sight most every night no we are not afraid to fly we know to live is to die for me how - oh, well... after all, they're only young. Some people - they're only young. Just can't grow old - they'll get over it. Angel of death in my dreams - the congestion is there only because people feel there is something freakish to look at. Lady strange we change today - they feel that there shouldn't be any wars or everybody should be peaceful. It's not the way - that's almost impossible. It was to be in your dream - carbon monoxide and everything. It's making them all sick. Funny how some people just - that led quickly to a very dangerous situation. Can't grow gold (protest chant) - Close our streets! Close our streets! - Well, we've certainly had a lot of concern over what is going on at yorkville, and I took it upon myself and talked to these people called hippies. Now, they're not all bad. Not all kids are bad, but sometimes you get a cancer area there, and we're trying to ferret that out. - If they at least wash their hair, they can wear it long if they want to. - And eating flowers and that sort of thing, - but I just can't see it, that's all. - I have learned one thing in life for sure. - You're on the hot seat, Jack, what are you gonna say for yourself? - Why are you here? - What do you have to say for yourself? - You'll never go to the top unless you have personal discipline. (Chatter) - Cause he assured me he'd be here five minutes to two. - It is suggested by some of the group that they are on their way. - If I were their age, I would probably be a hippie myself. - Mr. Depoe there please. Mr. Depoe. - Whoa, they seem to be a bit... way out my way of thinking. - Is Mr. Depoe with you? - If we can find out who of Mr. Depoe's group is, sir. We're not getting any answers. - This group that marched in... - Is Mr. Depoe with you? - But if we stop some of this, and this meeting today will do it. I am sure. We'll get these fellas on the right track, and try and help them, or maybe we'll have to have another one to get to it, but we get the right questions and the right answers. We'll accomplish them. And those parents, there's no doubt about it. If a lot of this is stopped, those children will head for home. - Do they go to work at all, these people? (Chatter) - We have a few people who want to talk. - Do you want to get them up here? - Well, I think they're just another little bit of human nature. - I wonder sometimes what happened to the girls that used to like the boys that got their hair cut and wore after shave lotion and stuff like this. (Chatter) - We were queer in many ways, but not... Not as far out as they are. - I don't see that they have to have bare feet and beards to get their point across. - They dress and act and their hygiene is different than it ever was to my knowledge in history that I can find or to my... Knowledge and fact in this city who was born here, have I ever seen it it displayed in this way. - Please. - You Mr. Depoe? - Yes. - Thank you very much. - Oh, well it's very, very nice of you, and thank you very much, sweetheart. Here. Can I give you a kiss? - Picture? (Applause) - This is one of the nicest bouquets I ever had in my life. When it comes from the heart, that's the important thing. Remember, you'll never go to the top unless you remember, you gotta start at the bottom, and you gotta remember the fella just to the top of you is your boss and the next step up, you gotta have a boss and if you can learn to take it, you can learn to dish it out. (Applause) So whoever's first, Mr. Depoe, would you like to say something first? - Yeah. I'd just like to say that I'd like the thing to be as informal as possible. - It will be. - I didn't realize that we were gonna have quite such a formal occasion as this, but I guess... Maybe you can start off by asking some questions. Would you like to do that? - Yes, I will. Number one, will you tell me... Perhaps the most difficult one, as you know, we all in this administration, on behalf of the mayor and the board are in favor, most in favor of the very wonderful place, yorkville. Yorkville is a Cosmopolitan area and certainly we need more of them in this city. We will do all we can to keep them healthy, but the problem we have is for teenagers, have been accused of being disorderly. As you know, there's a long list of police convictions and lost people. A disorderly group, perhaps not intended by you, has developed to a point where uneasiness rests in that area. Now will somebody tell me why? - That's a very good question. - I'm not too sure what you're really asking. (Laughter) - It seems there's a reason for... Are you working, may I ask? - No, I'm not. - Well, then perhaps we'll hit that and... Nobody's condemning you for it... Perhaps we'll say then why... Do you wish not to work? We're trying to find out what can we do for this? What is there? Do you want more recreation? Do you want some type of employment, some type of schooling, something to give you aims or objects? Would you please tell us that answer? - I don't think it's a question of just supplying facilities. Certainly, for the most part, these kids drop out of jobs because they don't like the way that people are exploited by industry. They drop out of school because they don't like the way the school is operating. Practically all of the academic work in primary schools could be given in four years. That leaves people to wonder just what it is that they're spending the rest of the time teaching people. A form of indoctrination probably, teaching kids how to sit in school with their hands properly folded on the desk, to walk in single files down halls. - The statistics show that there are more people today employed as a result of that system than ever before in our history. - Perhaps there is another element, which should be considered. The personal pride and dignity people have and their ability to be happy or satisfied with the job. - But you refer to the word dignity. Now that's a very good word. A number of them there haven't been washed for weeks. Now they aren't seeking dignity, are they? - All right then what... - They wish to live and be happy not to work because the greatest happiness is derived from working that I've found. I think most of the people who... - Chairman... - Who have to work like I do... (Chatter) I'm interested in those who say... I'm interested in those that say "no." Well, now please tell us your psychology because it's got me buffaloed and I'm sure it'll have many buffaloed when it's printed that you... - It's very nice to say the greatest happiness derives from working when it seems to be an indication that our society is striving for more leisure time. It looks like they're trying harder not to have any happiness. - Well, that's a point, and I think you're quite right sometimes, and that's why there's so many things of amusement required to keep the people busy in their spare time. But how are you going to live without earning a living? One can't live off the other. - Don't you think we're working at the moment by coming down here to talk to you? I mean, we're doing exactly what you're doing. You're talking to us. We're talking to you. Only we're not getting paid for it. (Applause) - Have a sense of humor like you have, - it's not funny. You hold a position, probably to effect some sort of change, to help people. That's why you work. - I have yes, an abundance. - All right. I think that's what a lot of the people here are doing. They're trying to help people. They're trying to effect some sort of change. - Well, that's what I'm trying to get at. I know you are. You've explained that, but tell us the change that you want to have occur in society. We haven't got that yet. - We want people... - We know what you're doing, and what you'd like in a home, but please tell us what the change is that you think this city could help you with in the federal units or provincial units to... - It's not the city itself it can help. It's the people in the city. - We're in a position to be able to speak for you probably if there are some things that we can do. - Practice leaving us alone. - Unfortunately, society doesn't work that way. Just exactly the way you like it. - That's why we drop out. - Society doesn't work that way. - Of course you are, but... Democracy has laid down in rules that we don't... (Laughter) It means that the majority will always be in the authority. - Could you be very specific and honest and outline what you would like ideally yorkville to become? - Well, I'd like yorkville to grow as a shopping center. (Laughter) Of an unusual nature as it is, a place for artists to display their art, the coffee shops I like to see. I don't like to see them when they're in an area that they're going to disturb. If they're too close to the housing districts, that wouldn't be reasonable. - But you haven't... You haven't gone over the problems you have outlined for us and said what you want to be done about these problems, how you would ideally like to deal with these problems, and I really don't see how leaving yorkville as a shopping center... - We'll have to discuss this at the board. This is exploratory, and I'm just as interested as you are in hearing these answers to try. - I just wanted to know specifically what you wanted yorkville to become. Now I know. Thank you. - Yes. - You know, contributing by furthering their mental powers or something like this and that isn't this a relevant means of contributing to the society. - Of course it is. - Is the secretary there? Tell him that I want him. We'll put that down for a study too. - The spiritual is so often ignored. - Would you take this up with Mr. Depoe? - Okay, yeah. - Will you? And tell him that I agree with you a hundred percent. - See Mr. Miller, I was in Ottawa for three weeks before coming to Toronto... Well, what I found out in Ottawa. - Wait! This gentleman... go down with you to the cafeteria. Somebody will show him how. - So you take a tough stand on the thing, but the thing is that those kids, those kids went into a meeting. - Oh, those kids. All of a sudden they're kids? They're not kids. - All right. Those young people. Those young adults. They went into a meeting and they spent... - Those young adults. - Eddie boy... Mr. Depoe? - Look, they've spent a long time. They spent about four hours talking to lamport, and all he did was laugh at them. They just refused to take the kids seriously. But what sense is that? What would any minority... What do the negroes in the states do when people refuse to take their ills seriously? - You want to talk about the negroes in the states or you want to talk about the boys up here? - They're both the same thing. They're all reactionary movements. They're all reacting against the same thing. - Oh, come on. - They're reacting for different reasons. - Be your age, eh. - They're reacting for different reasons. - Be your age. - I am my age. - Come on. You're comparing yourself to the negroes in the states already. - We're all reacting. - You ever been down there and seen them? You ever been down and seen how the negroes live in the southern states? - Yes, I have. - And you compare yourself to them? - I compare myself in that we're both reacting against something. -Mmmm. (Indistinct frustration) You're reacting against what? - Against your kind of world. - Against my kind of world, eh? - Yeah. - Well... What I would say to you is this, and a friend of mine across there, we were discussing this earlier. You know what I'd like to see? - What? - I'd like to see the world turned back, you know, 20 years, 25 years, and I'd like to be standing in the gates of my barracks of my regimen, and I'd like to see all of you march in there and you know what? I'd change your mind in one week. - No, you wouldn't. - Yes, I would, buddy. - No, you wouldn't. - Oh boy. (Laughter) - But what could you prove? - Huh? - What could you prove? - Nothing, but I'd tell you what I'd do. When I said march, you would march, and you wouldn't have your locks anymore. - Well, so what? - That's visual boy. - So what? What are you gonna prove? - Nothing. - What on earth are you gonna prove? - Well, all of a sudden, you turn around and say... - The world has had... - "I'm not a moon man anymore, I'm a human being." That's what you'd say, buddy boy. - I say I'm a human being right now. - Well, we've got an argument there. - What on earth are you gonna prove by making me do something at the jump of somebody else's will? - Well... - Look, the world has had thousands of years of soldiers, thousands of years of people jumping up when the order was shouted. Isn't it about time that everybody starts thinking for themselves? - You don't only jump up because the order's shouted, eh. All of a sudden you're something, and you know what you are? Eh? You're a man and you ain't never gonna be a man while you're doing this. Honest to god. You're gonna reject everything, but you will never be a man. You can live to 90 and you will never be it. - What's a man? - When you achieve manhood, you'll find out, buddy. I can't tell you. Okay? I'll tell you one thing. You won't be a man with pansies in your hair, you know? Huh? Making like a Daisy chain and all this jazz, huh? No, sir. You won't be a man like making like a bully either. - Well, isn't that what you're being when you march us into the barracks. No, no, no, no. You apply a constitution and respect it. In other words, you conform. - Well, what's the good of that? The world has had thousands of years of conforming. - And it's been doing pretty darn good. - It hasn't been. It's been having some pretty hellish wars. - But we've done pretty good since the last one already. - And we're gonna have another one already. - If we have another one, buddy, and you're in the army, I'm gonna go over to the other side. (Laughter) Don't ever tell me! - Jesus Christ. Come on. We gonna have another war. Who's gonna fight us? What do we got? - What are we gonna fight about? - Got the Navy. - This is it. - What are we gonna fight about? It's only because you push people into barracks, and make them jump at the sound of somebody's order that we have wars. - Ahhh. - What's there to fight about? - But you said we were gonna fight. I didn't say we were gonna fight. - I said you're gonna fight. I'm not gonna fight. - I say we settled it last time. - It's your world. You're still in charge. - My world? Where did you go, the moon? - I'm here. - So you stay here and it's your world too. - No. - And as soon as you face up the fact that when I'm an old man, staggering around in a wheelchair, buddy, you gotta look after me because I've been looking after you all your young life. - I didn't ask you to. - Start contributing. I didn't ask you to? I didn't ask to be born. Come on. Grow up. You know, make like a human being. - You're not facing the question. - Oh, I'm facing the question. - I didn't ask to be born. - I know you didn't, and I feel sure that your mother and father also asked this question. Why? Huh? (Laughter) - You ever said that to me and I was your dad, oh man, we would get together. - Yeah. - I'm telling you. We'd have a father and son chat, and that is for sure. - Take 100. Roll 37. A centennial special. (Laughter) - Remember this man? Remember at the city hall the other day? - Oh, that's right, yes. - He just tried the earphones. - Yeah, great. - You're gonna be in the movie. - Tom. Cathy. Tom. Everyone. - Thanks a lot. - Tom! What we're doing... We're doing this scene in which you turn the camera on, you know? So everybody has to look for beautiful images on this street for Richard and Martin at times, to photograph. Okay? So look for things. You remember we started doing the other day. - Yeah. - See what things you can find. Everyone. Any suggestions are welcome as to what we can shoot on the street. (Whistling) - Don't forget the binder. - That was tremendous. - What do you got? - What have I got? - How about these flowers? - They're not very colorful. - There's a lot of little flowers back there that are rather beautiful, you know, in a way because they're just inconspicuous, just sort of sitting there minding their own business. Why don't you film some of those? - The flowers are obvious. What you said you wanted earlier was to try and get things that look drab at first glance. - Well, that looks drab. Look at the scene. It's a cold wall and dirty white paint. And yet in this green and a little bit of beauty there. - I mean, it'll be a sensational thing if you can turn this... This is drab. - I mean, this is really drab. - Is this a real zoom in thing? - That shot is feasible. - So should it be done? Is it... - Should it be done is not my business. I just say it's feasible. - Yeah, but is it feasible with good quality or bad quality, cinematically speaking? - Well, that depends on your standards of quality. - Well, we have a good cameraman, okay. - It's not a matter of good and bad. No, no. It's not good or bad. It's a matter of... (Whistling) Being a certain shot for a certain type of film. - Yeah. - Like what I'm going have to do... You want me to go all through these different things here, right? - Yeah. - A, it'll be handheld, so it'll be shaky, okay? It won't be on a tripod. You can't say whether that's good or bad because good or bad depends on the situation. You know? - It's got to be the feeling of this big space out here. - Yeah. - So you've got to get rid of this thing. I mean, you're right up to the bay street sign, even at the the shortest magnification. So that's no good. - You go from space to a very, very small detail shot. We need lenses for the camera, Richard. Turn off that stupid camera and get me some lenses. - We need other lenses. - I'm in charge now, okay? Mort is no longer director. I'm in charge, as far as this sequence goes. - When did this happen? - Mort just said so a minute ago. All right. I'm directing this sequence, right? - Nobody said you're directing. - You said I could tell him what to do, and he would do it. You said I could tell him what to do and he would do it. Didn't you? - No, I said you could advise him what to do. - You said go in and get your point and make sure about it. - Yeah, make sure you get your point across. Sure. - Well, make sure you get your point across. Tell him. - Well, come on Martin. We've gotta shoot this thing. - Tell him what you want. It doesn't matter whether he does it right now. - Turn around. Okay? You know, we've gotta have the shot of the street. - Shot of the street. - Yeah. - Can I get a feeling of space? - A feeling of space. Okay. I zoom back. I got it. Now what? - Okay, now we want to get a zoom shot, which connects this space with the space of the sign back here. - A zoom shot, which connects that space with the space over here. Hold my glasses. - Okay? - Yeah. - Space of the street and this sign here. - Fairweather. The fashion store. - Doreen, stand up on the sign, okay? - Now what? - Like we're gonna shoot you up there. Ken? Can you move? Okay? - Okay, now get a shot... Now get a shot of Doreen, leaning through the bars there. - Doreen leaning through the bars? Tight or loose? - Whatever you think's better. I think fairly middle. Just a fairly general scene. Okay? - Okay, I got it. - Now we're gonna move behind the bars. - We're gonna move behind the bars. - Yeah, get in the dark space there. - Now you go first and show me and I'll follow. What? - We want a shot from about here over to this tree trunk. Just get the nice little area in here, this little groove and pan up to there to get a feeling of the sunlight and the leaves up high. - Sunlight and leaves up high. Okay. I'm gonna have to pull aperture on this, so it may not be... An absolutely technically perfect shot. I'm also gonna have to take the shoulder base camera off my shoulder. - Somebody's standing right in the frame there. Now what? - Okay, now we wanna move back and get a feeling of the outer space through these bars. - Outer space through these bars. - Work in the kids too. - Work in the kids too. - Get the buses and the traffic back there. - Buses and traffic. Who am I hitting? - We want some street noise too. - And street noise. Get street noise. - That's about it unless you want to return to the little grove and emphasize the idea that there's some beauty here behind the street, and the contrast between the city space and the space down here. - Do you still want the street? - No. - We better get this slated. - Okay, let's have a slate. - Take 106, roll 38. - There's a shot here we're supposed to... - Did you get your shot? - Yeah. Except if you want to finish it off with another shot of the greenery. - Another shot? I did one already. - Okay, fine. If you think that's enough. - If I think it's enough for what? - Well, you know, I just wanna emphasize the fact that what's behind there is totally different, yet it's very close. - You wanna do a pan shot then from the street into here? - Yeah. - Pan shot. - Clear out of the way everybody. Watch out. Pan shot coming up. (Tires screeching) That's one stop underexposed in here. If you want it technically perfect, we'll have to get lights. - Okay, that's enough. - You want to get it technically perfect with lights? - No. Okay. You got what you want, mort? - What I want. - That's the craziest shot I've ever done in my life. - Why? - Well, why didn't you tell them it's a crazy shot instead of doing it. If you don't don't believe in something, don't do it. - Crazy is not necessarily bad. It was fun. I kinda got out of my confusion by doing the very confused shot. (Laughter) - I'm sorry, I don't speak about anything that I don't know anything about, and Vietnam war I don't know anything about. - It's been going on for a whole year. For more than that. - Well, if it's been going on for years, I don't know how you know so much about it. - I'm not pretending to know a terrible amount about it, I just... I do feel involved in things I read in the newspaper about it. Some of the reports I've read about the casualties. I guess we've all seen some of those horrible pictures, and you spoke of your group. The eastern star is doing a great deal of good work, and I thought this is another area where you could do a lot of good work and help people that are really in desperate need, people that are... Crippled and burnt and torn by war every day, while we're sitting here and talking, it's happening. And you yourself said war was a terrible thing. Please tell me if you think I'm all off. I'm just... I feel a very, very deep commitment, a deep involvement, and I want to understand how other people feel about it. - You haven't gotten your head... - Are you angry at me? (Chatter) - Look, Tom. - That point is this all has to cut in with you walking down the street, and these are things that you would see. Now do you think you would see a ladybug or... - Yeah, they always fly on me. - Eh? - If you turn on the camera, minute detail is one of the things you always notice. - It seems logical to you? Would you find one on the street when you walk along? - A lot of the time they fly onto you, like you just walking along and all of a sudden it's on. - In the other shot, you'll have to pretend that one flies onto you, right? - Yeah, and I'll just look at it. And you'll have me looking on it then all of a sudden zoom. Like that can be the first shot. Like I'll be walking down the street, all of a sudden a ladybug will hit me, and then I'll look at it, and all of a sudden I'll get kind of enmeshed in just the ladybug. And another shot coming out 'cause when you come out everything kind of spans right out. It's like coming from a little... A different little world into a whole new one. It's like rebirth almost, just coming out of the alley. - You better save the ladybug, so you'll have it for the long shot. - Yeah, we've been hanging onto it for a long time. Well, we gotta have Pilar playing herself in the credits 'cause that's her name. Okay? I got a great idea for a fantasy, like when I see the bug on my hand, I look at it and then there's a picture of me leading about 50 ladybugs and they're all reciting Thomas my Shepherd, I shall not want. - Take a look. Quick. Turn your hand over. Turn your hand over. (Chatter) - Well, if you're not angry... If I haven't insulted you personally, do you just think I'm being... - I think you're speaking about something that you know nothing about when you speak of Vietnam. - Are you saying this because you feel you know more than me and I've made some dreadful mistake? - No, I don't know anything about Vietnam. That's why I won't say anything about Vietnam. - My curiosity is why haven't you bothered to learn more about it when this is a war, and people are dying. And if you feel it's awful, then why haven't you bothered to learn more about it and learn how you could help in it, how you could learn to stop it, how you could help the people that are being so terribly hurt? - An individual like you and I can't help Vietnam when the American people themselves... There's thousands of the mothers in the United States is trying to get this war stopped and they can't. So why should we in Canada here try and do anything about it? - Well, ask Canadians to produce a great many of the... Well, I just think that more individuals that get together on this thing, you know, the greater the movement against Vietnam, and you're not an individual. You belong to a group. - You're speaking about something that you know nothing about, the same as I. I know nothing about Vietnam, and you're only a child, so I don't see how you can know anything about Vietnam. - Switch now because we shot so much. - We lost the bug. - You lost the bug? - That's the first law. - Hey, maybe we can find it with this thing. - Don't step on it. - Bug. - Don't step on it. - Pilar. - Do you think you can do your sequence without the bug? - Pilar. - We gotta find the bug though. - Careful! - Then I could kind of think... - Careful! We can't shoot the scene without that bug. (Laughs) - Bugs are a necessary part of life. You should feed it. It looks... You can't even find it with this thing. This is hopeless. - You know what it does? It gets under a whole pile of grass, like it was doing that over there, but I always knew what area it was in before. The wind just blew it off right... - Okay, what about this... - Well, that's what I hate. It's about the whole thing. You constantly have to be on the move, you know, or you're dead. I mean, like, that's connected with yorkville. People... They can't stand people just sitting there doing nothing, you know, like freeways are the same thing. The whole america and Canada are geared toward moving places and there's no place to go. Expressways are going through, knocking down buildings, you know? I mean, it's becoming part of a mobile culture. You know, like this thing, this drive-in restaurant, drive-in banks, drive-in drive-ins, you know, to make out in, constant... I mean, pretty soon people will be having babies in cars, getting buried in cars, we're gonna have to have floating cemeteries with, you know, corpses constantly on the move. And so we're gonna get like that until finally just, you know, you're gonna be very lucky if you can sit still for a second. (Crew laughing) That's it. - Isn't that great. - That's terrific. Okay. (Chanting) - Close our street! Close our street! Close our street! Close our street! Close our street! (Chanting continues) You may question tomorrow's rain, but your questions will only bring pain. Father, shadow of light in my schemes - now we've always had some rebellious youth. Nobody's against the fun and games of kids who want to have fun. But remember, they've gotta cooperate with that that is going to permit us to eat and sleep along with the decent people. You still play with power the shortest your hour moving on since time began (crowd clapping) (Police radio chatter) (Crowd clapping) (Crowd whistling and shouting) (Crowd clapping) (Crowd yelling) (Crowd cheering) (Whistling) (Crowd yelling) (Whistling and chaotic chattering) (Police radio chatter) Funny how (crowd yelling) Some people (crowd yelling) Just (crowd yelling) Can't (crowd yelling) Grow (crowd yelling) Old (chaotic whistling and yelling) - Do you believe in democracy? - Let me put it this way. - I don't... - Do you believe in democracy? - I haven't answered that question for myself yet. - Well, what do you believe? - In what system do you believe? - In the political system? - I don't know. I don't believe in politics. - You don't believe in politics? - No. I might someday, but I'm trying to figure it out. - I don't believe in a lot of politicians. I agree with you there, but there must be some system. There must be laws. Is this direct, or not? - I even challenge that. - You challenge that in as much, there should be police to uphold these laws or not? - Well, maybe we could find a way to live without police. Maybe it's possible. - Well, you gotta have a lot of love buddy, to believe this. - That's what we talk about. - You take all the cops off the street of this city for one week, what are you thinking gonna happen? - Haven't you heard about flower power? - Mmm, Jesus Christ. I come from a flower town of Canada, you know, Brampton. And if ever you took that little police force off the streets in Brampton for one weekend, you know what'd happened to you? Eh? She wouldn't be a flower town no more boy. - Well, - huh? - Why not fix the cause of that? I mean, what's the cause of all that violence? Isn't the cause of all that violence, the barracks that you created and people jumping up and down when they're told to? - You do come up with some real questions, boy, silly ones, really. You're not even facing fact. - Why is it silly? What's the fact. - The fact is that we're human beings. Okay? And we don't all love each other. (Ambient chatter) Christopher's movie matinee two, three, four we're going on our holiday whoop-Dee-doo going somewhere far away whoop-Dee-doo I don't like the cold anyway whoop-Dee-doo need a little warmth every day whoop-Dee-doo and I, if it's all right the rain is falling the month is June I'm so jive I can't resist a spoon of your sugar to sweeten the mood come let's make our getaway whoop-Dee-doo we can't last another day whoop-Dee-doo survival is the only way whoop-Dee-doo let's go for a holiday whoop-Dee-doo by the way we'll leave today (upbeat folk rock) Be sure to bring your mandolin we've got to keep our handle in the pot which, after all, is hot see the box we're finally in whoop-Dee-doo laughing Greeks to lift a grin whoop-Dee-doo if you think this means we can win whoop-Dee-doo maybe it's where we came in whoop-Dee-doo goodbye, arrivederci goodbye morning, watts, broadcasting from... Matinee (applause) (Groovy music begins) (Groovy music continues with crowd chattering) (Groovy music fades) (Crowd applauding) - We had to sit-in on yorkville last night, several people got busted, including me. Last Thursday, we went down and we talked to the board of control in this city of ours. And we told them a lot of things about who we are and what we wanted to see and what kind of a nice place we wanted to see this city turn into. And one thing we asked was, "why don't you try closing down our street? You know?" And they said, "no, man, we can't do that." We said, "why?" And they didn't really know. And that's what the thing last night was all about. - I was just wondering what the possibilities were of getting a copy of that tape... - What tape? - Well, would you not have this all taped, when they were taking the film? - Oh, yes. Shooting it, sure, yes. - The, particularly, the speeches by depoe and, that gal I'd like to get... - Oh, why would you want that? - I'd like to hear it over again, that's all. - Oh, but we can't do that. Do you think, well, do you think it would be fair taping somebody without their... You know, knowing that it's gonna get to you or... - Well, this is possible. I just asked. If you don't want to... - Well, as I say, I don't think it's very fair. Do you, inspector? - Well, I hadn't thought of it along those lines. It might be. And that they were talking. I mean, we have most of the... I have no stuff verbatim anyway, but it's just that I heard, but it's quite all right. - People talk a great deal about the whole big brother thing, and I always tend to disbelieve it. And that's why it surprises me that you would want to take... - It was just a thought, that's all. - Since they didn't know that we'd be giving it to you. - This is true. - It'd be kind of unfair. - Oh, okay. I can see your point. - Yeah. What did you think of the... - Oh, it was... It was an afternoon's entertainment for them. - Did it give you any trouble of any kind. Did it? - No, no problems to us. Same as the last one they had here. They had a much larger crowd the last time they were here. No problems with it. - Oh, I understood the police weren't very favorable towards this kind of a gathering. - I wouldn't say we weren't favorable towards it. We get a little apprehensive at times when we know what has happened in some places over these things. We just like to keep our finger on the holster of things. You know? - I see. - We don't really get too concerned. We only had about three men here this afternoon, and if we were that worried about it, we'd have probably had more. - Oh, I thought I saw more police than that. Or were they from a different department or... - No, no. In the park here had about three and myself and the patrol sergeant. - I see. How did you hear about it? - Through the publicity or... - No... Well, we did read about it in the newspaper, of course. - I see. - It was publicized there. Of course, any time there's a permit... - Oh, yes. - These kind of things, of course we... - I see. Well, I hope you enjoy... - Oh, how are you? - Very well, sir. - Your face looks familiar. - It shouldn't unless you just saw it today. I'm from Illinois. - Oh, are you? - So I'm a long way out. - Away from home. - I was thinking of what's his name. - Reverend... He has a radio program, and I've seen his picture in the paper. - Oh. - And I thought you were he... - What did you think of the afternoon's proceedings? - I was here for about an hour and a half and I talked with several of the persons who were involved and I... I thought it was very interesting. I don't, I don't really, I'm not in a position to make a judgment particularly because it's my first contact with, with the whole movement, this closely, with this, this bigger number... Then in the states, actually it's limited to certain areas, and there is none around where I come from, which is the St. Louis area. - I see. - My brother lives in St. Louis. I go down there periodically, visit him, nothing going on like this out there. - No, nothing. - Maybe down in gaslight square, we might see the odd one. - A few. They're scattered, there's no community. - Yeah, okay. - See you again. - Nice meeting you. - Yeah, nice meeting you. - Bye, sir. (Folk rock music) Away we go laughing falling down the street. Should we be crying? Like all the people we meet bubble gum's for chewing and I'm chewing mine I really love to chew gum I do it all the time who are you? Who am I? Do you want to laugh or cry? It doesn't matter what you do what's in a name Swimming in the pool people want to throw them out but I think they're cool (folk rock instrumental) Away we go laughing falling down the street should we be crying? Like all the people we meet who are you? Who am I? Do you want to laugh or cry? It doesn't matter what you do what's in a name? Without - all right, all right, don't push. (Chatter) (Desk slamming) (Coughing) (Chatter) - Where's the teach? (Laughter) - Yeah. - They usually do most of the talking. - All right, class. Settle down. (Laughter) - Okay, you can teach. - Can I be teacher? - Yeah, you be teacher. - Put your hat on. (Laughter) - All right, listen up... (Laughter) Now... Today we're beginning a whole new... whole new year. Today we're not going to do anything. We're just going to get to know each other. Well, tomorrow... Young lady... (Laughter) There are certain rules and regulations, which must be observed. I mean, I don't make the rules. Now this year, and some other years, you may have had difficulties with discipline. Now, I'm not a hard disciplinarian, but when I want to have something done, I expect to have it done. (Laughter) Now you treat me like an adult and I'll treat you like adults... Which is completely untrue because you treat him like god and he treats you like some kids. - Oh, I had a teacher who said first day school... - Classrooms are a drag. (Laughs) - Have you ever seen some of the signs they put in the back? Like "learning is earning." - Well, let's get down to the facts. What we're talking about is isolated little cases. Like the things on the back. What about discussing the educational system? Instead of just the... - That's a trouble, you see, it's the system. - Before we start, I'd like to make a point. The teacher should have a better attitude. The whole thing should be more relaxed. I mean, we don't like it and they don't like it. - Yeah. That's right. - Like most kids have dropped out of school completely. - You mean they're dropped out and they're still sitting in their desks. - Oh yeah. - I did that last year. - So did I. - I, you have to do it. There's no way that you can be... - Not no way. - You people are still buggered up with the system though. McLuhan was talking about, I think it was socrates. And he spent all his time looking for the perfect school, and he didn't realize that he and his pupils were living right in it. They were living in Athens. What greater city... to get an education in than Athens? And the point is that the world is the best teacher and that if kids want to learn, they should darn well go out and find themselves a teacher. They should go to the teacher. They shouldn't have to have come to school. They shouldn't have to have any education because kids are natural learners. - Of course, there's a lot of people that just fall right into it, and they really couldn't give a damn. You know that, you know there's... - That's what I was talking about. It's harder without regimentation, that's for sure, and all these progressive systems, the kids say they want a progressive system, but it's much, much harder because they have to do the work themselves. - You heard of summerhill? You know that school where the kids all live. - Yeah. - And some of them are really frightened by their freedom that they're given... - Yeah. They don't know what to do with it now because they've never been prepared. The parents always say that we're preparing you for the world. But the thing is, it's such a... It's such a circle and that if they prepare us for the world as it is... How are we gonna change it? - I feel like we are the world. - That's right. - It's so fake because it's not the real world in here. It's some sort of... - Yeah... - It's, it's a created... - It's a gray ivory tower... - So we can change it, if only we're taught to... Realize our freedom, and they give... They give us this crap about the great Democratic society, and the great freedom we have, when there is... So little freedom because of the small dictatorships and business. - What's an education? - An education for me is not what I'm getting. An education is, I mean, not what I'm getting in a classroom, but I'm getting a tremendous education just by going to school and meeting all these people. - Why do we have to go to school to talk? - You know cause our vice principal, he walks around the halls, the first three days of school, telling everybody to get a haircut, and this guy's, you know, earning $12,000 a year and that's his job. - Like the principal was having a talk with me and... he said, "get your hair cut, 'cause you won't be accepted by society with long hair." And I said, "well, the way society is now, I don't really want to be accepted by it." And he wouldn't let me go to class until my attitude changed. And that to me is the whole school system. - Like a lot of people, they begin thinking like that, and then they get all worried about the long hair and the long hair becomes more important than learning. - That's right. - You know that, I mean, sure, it's a ridiculous thing, but it's not nearly as important as learning. - Yeah, they're in a transition period where there's not enough disciplines that you're forced, you know... You have to respect them or get beat up. - We should do something while we're in school 'cause, I mean, it'd be nice to have it changed later, but I want to change now so I don't have to throw my years away 'cause it's kind of almost a survival thing. (Chatter) Yeah, I will. I'm trying. I'm gonna run for president. I'm really gonna try to start something, honestly. I mean, I'm gonna have things like general meetings of the whole and not after school. I mean during the school, so we miss half an hour of Latin class. So what? It's not gonna influence our lives. A child at three or four is the... Greatest thing because they're so beautiful. They want to know everything. They really do. And gradually, as they go through school, the pity is this gets dampened. If there's only some way to capture it and bottle it and give it to older people, you know? And they can, if you've ever seen a man with his little girl, you know, he suddenly becomes a little boy again. I think it may be in kindergarten the way the regimentation starts. And the beautiful thing about kindergarten is the pictures they draw. - Yeah. - They're so great. They're so... They're abstract and they're beautifully abstract. They're subconscious is still close to their conscious. - And all they can teach us is how to learn. All they can do is give us the study skills. They can't teach us anything about... - Nobody can teach you how to learn. - But yes, they can teach us how to read... - Nobody can teach you how to learn, - how to write essays... Because you've got to learn from them how to learn. - But they can. What do you mean? - That's true. - Everybody knows how to learn. - No... - If they only listen to themselves and then they can magnify that power, but nobody can teach you how to learn. - There's certain basic skills, certain knowledge they have to... - You can't learn how to learn. - They can. They can give you... - Because you have to be taught that. - What's the basic problem with the whole system... Or is there one? - The basic system... - There's no basic problem. The basic problem is... So entwined with people... - In our school, you know, you have to be out of the sight of the school to smoke, which means if you can see the school, then, you know... - They can see you. (Laughter) - And you have to keep walking until you can't see it anymore. - The big thing that's wrong with school, and the big thing that's wrong with this classroom right now is the fact it's boring. - That's right. - If I'm left by myself, I'll either do something... - If we can even get an answer. - What's the hell? - Shut up. - One good thing about the whole bloody system... - I've given the answer already. - Yeah. You talk about walking in the wrong door, through the cafeteria. That is no problem. (Chatter) - It's boring. It's boring. I wanna sit and scream in class because it's boring, and it's probably gonna be boring next year, and I hope it isn't, but it probably will. - Right? - You people are all crazy because you're looking for the best school and the best school in the world. And you're looking for the best exams and the best exam is life. - I dunno. It'll be interesting to see though. - I'd like to have... (Arguing) - What is the problem with the system? You've been here for about 45 minutes, talking about walking up the wrong flight of stairs. - I think he's got a point. (Chuckling and indistinct banter) - You're the one who's being... - Then I ask you a question and you say, "yes, well, there's a problem." And then you talk about walking in the wrong door, through the cafeteria. - We're all acting like hurt children. - There is no problem. - There's no problem. - What's the problem? - There's a teacher standing there... - You people are creating a problem. - Malcolm, if you don't... if you're so annoyed of this, why do you go back to school? - If I dropped out of school and then went to work or... became a hippie, or something like that, I'd be... I wouldn't be gaining anything. I still have just as much freedom as I have going to school because we're all deluded that we have a certain amount of freedom, which is denied, which is utter nonsense. Nobody's free. So all I'm gaining and all I'm trading is one little prison for another. - Learning... - You've seen sounds like that, haven't you? - Is earning! (Clapping) - Here's money. - Time is money, learning is earning, and school is boring. (Chuckling) That's it. That's all they have to know. - Omnia per scientiam, that's what I always say. - Yes, put that down. - He told me to tell you, you're sitting on the right chair the wrong way. So I just hammed it up from there on. - What's your school motto? - Omnia per scientiam. Don mills, Don mills collegiate is the school we honor and Cherish hey, hey, hey Don mills, sing our allegiance for the whole... (Singing) The lap of learning that makes our future look bright, right? Don mills held by the banner of the white, the black and the gold Don mills... where our hopes and dreams may unfold oh, when we shout it, and brag about it you know we'll never deny. We come from d-o-n m-i-I-I-s Don mills - That's an actual school song. (Laughter) - The Latin teacher wrote it. - Oh, that's terrible. - Far as it's written about 1890. When all that sort of imperialistic crap was trying its head... - Right country, right or wrong? - Right or wrong. Right. - Okay, kids. - Okay, what now? - In the ties, we know... - We gotta clean the classroom and... - What? - Yeah. We have to clean it up. - Boo. - And the blackboard? - Huh? - You're humorous. - The blackboard. (Chatter) - Leave the blackboard, please. (Folk rock music) Worry, worry what a drag makes me do it it makes me shoulder sag worry, worry I'm all through listening to the likes of you yeah, I've been working every day on my... twitching way worry, worry, I'm all through listening to the likes of you now I'm working on other ways and worry doesn't mar my days just concentrate on being you it'll drive you crazy, but you won't be blue I met a strange man downtown and he said things that really brought me around he called us silly, mad machines to worry and fret and live in dreams now I'm working on other ways worry doesn't mar my days just concentrate on being you it'll drive you crazy, but you won't be blue worry, worry, what a drag makes me twitch, it makes me shoulders sag worry, worry it's all I do about what's happening to me and you ooh, ooh, ooh ooh, ooh, ooh - Because especially that time, which you all know of, the time when we were at that old deserted building, when he was rolling, and you broke in on something very personal and that upset me. - I can't hear you. - You broke in on something very personal and that upset me because I was trying to get away from all the terrible things you were doing 'cause I thought they were terrible, all those planned sequences of us, of us... We ran out of the car. We arrived about 14 times, you know, and you don't really do that when you're going to play in a deserted building, you just come. And so I... ran into the corner and Martin came with his little camera and I turned around and there he was. - You were angry at Martin? - Not so much angry at Martin as angry at... Not you but, well, you too, but the idea... Of the camera taking something so personal... Which I meant to ask you yesterday. Did you turn the camera? Like, were you filming when I was with Larry? - Ask Martin. - Martin, were you? - Yes, dear, what? - Were you filming when I... When Larry and I were over on the... standing over on the... - Yes, I was. - Like that, I'd object... to that. Although I wouldn't say you couldn't use it, if you wanted to, but that was something terribly personal. - Tell Martin. - Martin, that was something terribly personal. - But, yes... - When you were filming that... - It's only the personal things that are worth filming. Really. - Yeah, well... - They have, you know, they convey... A meaning to other human beings that a non-personal thing doesn't. - Yeah. I see that. I suppose it all depends on how you use it, but I think the film's gonna turn out more... - Can't hear you. - I think the film's going to be beautiful. I really do. - Why did you change your mind? - I don't know what it was because when you get to know the people, the kids... How we all got together, and we're all so different, and yet we all tolerate each other, and we all listen to each other, and I think there's something important in that. And I think the film should show that because it's true. I was talking to art about it. How the two things we have in common are that we tolerate each other and that we're all kind of searching for something. I think that's what... - Mark, could you tighten in, so that jock can get closer, please? - Yes. - Okay. Move in closer. I wanna make sure that we hear everything. - And I can't wait to see it because it's like a dream, this whole thing... What we're trying to show and it's so beautiful, and I hope that everybody sees that. It makes me so happy. I've never been... Felt so happy as with you, all of you people. It's great. Now I think you're going to make me cry again. - Oh no. Oh no. No, you don't have to do that. Hey, why are you crying if you're happy? Doreen, why are you crying if you're happy? - I always cry when I'm happy, I guess. - I'm very... crying today. I cried today too. - Let's go back. - There have been hippie marches, and hippie sit-ins since early Sunday morning. More than 60 people have been arrested and the hippie protest continues. Police are now investigating the possibility of a link between the hippie activity and the presence of a national film board company in this area. Earlier this week, a course of instruction on how to resist arrest and go limp to be dragged away by police was conducted by the hippies in the city park. One of the instructors, Alison Gordon, later appeared as a member of a national film board crew at city hall square during what was termed a sleep-in. The national film board has denied any connection with Ms. Gordon, except that she had been retained to act as a liaison between the hippies and the film crew. On Sunday, the film board had been issued a city parks permit to stage what they termed a film-in for a sequence on a Toronto area production. By an unfortunate coincidence, an nfb spokesman said it became a part of the hippie outbreak, bill kopps, cbc news. - You recording? - In a way, we were sort of responsible. - No, we were not. - You know, I mean, people change when they get a camera in front of them. - This is funny. They called the band on Sunday a bunch of hippies. - Yeah, I know. - They even paid for the hippie band. (Laughter) - It is funny. - I didn't know I was a hippie. - What if your mother sees that? What'll she do? - Oh, wow. - Playing with a bunch of hippies, are you? (Paper crinkling) - This was last night. Look at that. - Look at this. We made the headlines, boys. Show this to everybody. At the top. - That was the early edition. Oh, that's too much. - Oh, that's killer. - Yeah. Read it out loud. The national film board admitted yesterday that it maneuvered some of the events, which have occurred among yorkville's hippies in recent days. A spokesman said the board obtained a permit from the Metro's park department on Friday to hold the noisy love-in, also known as a film-in, which greeted David depoe and five other hippies when they were released from Don jail last Sunday. He also admitted that it paid for the hippie band and rental of sound equipment. Hippie band. (Laughter) The spokesman also said that the crews of the board had moved hippies around to several locations in Metro. Report tres youth today. That means we're hippies. The board gave a mixed answer to a charge that Alison Gordon, 24, was an employee of the board. Ms. Gordon instructed hippies, Tuesday afternoon in queen's park, in passive resistance to police. That afternoon another instructor of the hippies described police as mad dogs, violent and loving to stamp on people's hands. Leo waszczuk, location, business manager of the board said that Ms. Gordon was not an employee, but a representative of the board in its Montreal office, said in a telephone conversation that she was... and that she was living in Toronto. Matt rausen. - Is that...? - Yeah. Matt rausen. That's mort ransen, director of the film said that technically she has not been working for the board. He said that the board had arranged a film-in for Sunday afternoon as part of a film, yet untitled, which would show youth today. The film was to be shown on television and later distributed to schools. - I was shocked to learn about the whole incident, and I think it's disgraceful that an organization like the film board can be involved with such... - Quite so, quite so, sir. What do you think of the national film board? - Oh, my opinion has been lowered greatly by the incidents of the past days. - I agree. - I'd be in shock that they'd be associated with such... - Exactly. - Low members of our society. - Exactly. I think the national film board is completely to blame for this terrible instance. Sir, do you have anything to say upon this? - Not really, except that national film board has gotten caught in the unusual predicament of being blamed for the news that it's reporting. - As usual, of course. - This rarely happens with media, and it's odd that it should happen with this film and significant that it should happen with this film, which is a film of social protest. That's all I have to say. - That is all? - That's all. - Thank you, sir. Would you say... that the nfb is to blame for this? - Of course not. (Laughter) - No. - Cut that comment. (Laughter) We're moving through the crowd, and as we come up on our next... Sir, do you have any comment upon the yorkville riots? - I think it's been misreported. - He thinks it's been... - What do you think of the national film board? - Well, of course... - It's a great institution. - Really? - Oh, definitely. - Would your opinion be biased at all? - Be what? - Biased. Do you know what that means? - No, I don't. - Prejudice. Prejudice. - Do you have a prejudiced opinion upon the national film board? - Oh, never. - Never. - Never. (Laughter) - Obscene. - Well, you've all heard about it. Obviously. We're filming the final scene in the film right now. This is... - You're kidding? - Oh, disillusionment. - The departure of the film crew. - You're kidding. - We've all been ordered back to Montreal. The film board hierarchy has reacted in a panicky way, and ordered us to go back, and so we're leaving. None of us on the crew agree with the decision. We've all told them that we disagree with it. - Maybe this is a good thing, really. - Why? - I mean, it shows what we're up against, doesn't it? - Yeah. - We're up against the whole bit. We're up against the papers prefabricating stories and lying outright. - Yeah, but... - We're up against administrations believing outright lies. - Mort, come home! You've had enough fun playing movie director. - Yeah, that's it. - I've had enough fun. I've had a lot of fun. It's true. (Chatter) - I still can't... This all seems like it's just still part of a plot. I can't comprehend that it's actually over. - It is. - It's a globe and mail plot to take over Toronto, slowly. - It's like listening to war. - I kept thinking this was such a beautiful chance. - Put too many hopes in one thing. It's like putting all your soldiers in one battle and then they all get slaughtered. - Isn't it great that the illusion of movie-making is defeated by the illusion of newspaper-making? And we all know that not one word of it was true and yet we're acting as if it was. How about that? Hey, we should go along with them and get all the kids in the village to demonstrate for us 'cause we... (Laughter) - That's a very bad idea. - Excuse me. - I've got a... - My orders are to pack and get out of town, so goodbye. - It sounds like... (Laughter) The sheriff is giving you to sundown. - Okay, you too. Cathy, Roger, it's been a pleasure. Take care of yourself. Very nice. You too, Peter. Bye, Sarah. Bye, Jack. Oh, come on, honey. Don't be foolish. Take it easy. Very nice. You too, Chris. Ken, Chris, Ken. Who's Ken? Who's Chris? Chris, Ken, Chris. - Still don't know? - Chris, Ken. I'm David, he's John. - Will you be able to make a film out of it? - I don't know. (Upbeat folk rock music) (Upbeat folk rock music fades) Do you want subtitles for any video? -=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-