[Bill] Hey. So this is where you see the ghost every day? [Lady] Yes. Every day. So, it's just gonna come from the left and move over to the right, and it's just inside the wood line over there. [Bill] Now, is it a certain time that this happens? Yes and no. Umm, It comes through before sunset every night. But, it's not really based on a certain time. It's. We think, more so directed at the sun rather than the actual time of day. That, I mean, that makes sense. Got to ask one question, though, because I've driven a couple of hours to get here. It's not a hoax. You don't have anybody walking over there. Trying to make a Tik Tok video for YouTube short or Facebook reel or anything like that. This is this is something that's actually happening every day. Oh, no. It's, it's definitely real. If we stay out here long enough, it's going to show up. You know, since I started filming the documentary on Aliens. Things continue to get more interesting. Umm, I had a lot of people reach out. And tell me about their experiences. And from that, I decided to do a docu-series called Encounters. And you got to kind of filter through this stuff because you just you don't know what you're going to get into, whether you don't know where these stories are headed. But. I got this email and you know, the the documentary on the aliens was supposed to be a one off because I still had a little bit of footage I needed to get from the great dismal that, I've finished it now and then. I've shot lots of the encounter stuff but, [Sighs] All right. This email here, Mr. Howard, I followed they say one of my actors names on one of the social media platforms, and I saw that you were doing a film on aliens. I was wondering if you have looked into Ghost at all as well. The reason I'm asking is that I had a series of videos go viral in the past few years where we have a ghost that walks along the wood line every day. You may have seen them. Yes. Every day there's a figure that will walk just inside the wood line every single day. At first we thought it was a person, but gradually we were able to determine it wasn't. I posted over 20 videos shot from my front porch, and they have all been seen over two to three million times. Anyway, if you're interested in something like this, I would love for you to investigate. And I hadn't planned on doing anything like that, to be honest. And. Umm, I mean, the Alien film was going to be a one off. It turned into the docu-series. Umm, again. I still had some of great dismal had to shoot. I, I'm done with it now. And I'm actually writing another feature. But. I remember seeing the videos and she, you know, copied one here and umm. Because my wife had showed them to me and she only lives a few hours away. I don't know. It might be worthwhile just to check it out. I mean, it's there every day, right? I mean, yeah, let's ahh, let's see what this is. That could be really, really interesting. [Keyboard tapping] Alright. I'm about six tenths of a mile away. I've got one more turn I got to make up here. Ahh, about. The lady invited me to come out and talk with her. So that's what I'm doing, you know, you think this thing is really there. Umm, She says in her videos, it's every day, but. You know, I don't know. I hopefully I'll be able to find out. Umm, So, yeah, we're going to ask her and try to get to the bottom of it, I guess. And my turn is right here. So let's see what we got, guys. Hey, so this is where you see the ghost every day. Yes, every day. So it's just going to come from the left and move over to the right and it's just inside the wood line over there. Now, is it a certain time that this happens? Yes and no umm, It comes through before sunset every night, but it's not really based on a certain time. It's we think, more so directed at the sun rather than the actual time of day. That I mean, that makes sense umm, Got to ask one question, though, because I've driven a couple of hours to get here. It's not a hoax. You don't have anybody walking over there? Trying to make a TikTok video for you, or YouTube short or Facebook reel or anything like that. This is is something this actually happened in every day. Oh, no. It's it's definitely real. If we stay out here long enough, it's going to show up. - In time. Well, umm, What more should I expect as far as I mean, like getting noises? Is it just something that it's going to walk through arbitrarily? You're going to see it. It's going to first appear over there by that tree. OK, where the red is. - Yeah. And it's going to fade in and out of the trees as it walks through and it's going to appear kind of like a whitish figure, Alright. Umm, but you can see through it slightly. Opaque? - Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's that's definitely the word I was looking for. Umm, OK. You can tell it crosses like through the middle. Umm, It's not exactly solid. It's definitely got a form, though, and it's just going to disappear right over there. Now, have you ever tried to go over there while it was walking through? - Yeah. But only once. I have a video of it. So, let me find it. - OK. Here it is. All right. So right here, when you were over there. Mm hmm. And you had the camera rolling, and you were over there, and they walked by you. You didn't see it? No, I didn't see it at all until I got back inside and reviewed the footage. You could see it right there beside me. Now, can you send that to me and let me use it in the film? Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Is drive OK? Yeah. That should work perfectly. Umm, Now, has anybody else been over here and watched it with you? Um, yeah, but we don't really have that many neighbors, as you can see, but we definitely had some people see it from here. Okay. Now, is this your land? No. And we actually do not know who owns it, OK. But there are no trespassing signs all over it. And the sheriff's department does not play around. They don't even give warnings. They just go over there and they arrest you. So, when all the video started going viral, we would have people go over there and try to look around. But they are plain they flat out, just arrest everybody. So, I did take some of the videos offline because the amount of people that were going over there and the calls they were getting for trespassing, it was just kind of annoying. They had deputies up and down the road all day and night. Now, has any of the deputies ever seen it over there? Oh, yeah. So a couple of weeks ago, there was a couple arrested and it was one of those teenagers in the jacked up truck. [Laughs] Yeah. So the deputy comes over to talk to us about it, and he's one of those K-9 units. And while we're talking, he asked if I knew who that was that he saw walking and he got his dog out and they started to go over there, but the dog would not cross the ditch and they even tried pulling him across with the leash and the dog refused. He said that was the weirdest thing. That is kind weird. I mean, those dogs are trained. Yeah. Definitely. Like, I could have told him, though, because no animals go over there. So, yeah, a deer will run across our yard before it goes over there. Well, if you don't mind, can I park out here in front of your house and, and stay to sunset? I guess and see if I see anything? Yeah, that's fine. I'm going to go inside and make dinner for my midgets. So, you're welcome to come in if you need anything. Sounds good. Thank you. Appreciate it. If I put this on me. Like, right here and I'm talking. Let's see what it looks like. Do you want subtitles for any video? -=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=- Probably got about 30 minutes before um, Before sunset. So it should be getting to the time when whatever's going on happens. Umm, This reminds me a lot of sitting in a deer stand waiting for a deer that never shows, to be honest with you. Yup. I think she said it happens every day before sunset, And it's kind of. Sun related. As far as the the solar day rather than 24 hour day. Right. Well, we've got about five more minutes right up there. There it is. I see it right there. It's near those red leaves. It's coming up underneath that that red leaf branch there. It's just inside the woods. Hey, it's coming up to that green part. It's in the open right there. It didn't turn when I said anything. It just kept going. Now it's behind where the poles are. It was there it was just like she said, it looked like it was you could see through it. It disappeared over here. When we got to the the thicker brush there you know, the frontage it was really there. Unbelievable. Oh, my heart is like pumping right now. All right. I got to get this back. And we're going to look at this footage. All right. So I got home late last night and I definitely saw something um. You can see over on the side of the video where it comes in on the left and you can see the figure as it crosses through those open spots between the trees. And if you look closely, you can see like the trees that are behind it. You can see them. You can see through the whatever is walk in there. So I took the video and. I ran a copy of it um. Through like a negative or of thoughts, color type thing. And you can clearly see it walking through there. Of me hit play all right there. So you can see it moving across that just on the inside of the woodland. Now, I'm really interested in finding out what this is. So I pulled up the county GIS and I got the address of the owner and it belongs to an estate and it doesn't have a phone number or an email address. But I do have the estate's address, so, I will probably have to do this old school and send out a letter to try to get permission to go on the land so that, you know, don't get arrested by the sheriff's department since they're kind of stringent on that type of stuff. So, yeah, um, we'll send out a letter this afternoon and, you know, hopefully we'll hear back right? On. All right. So it's been about three weeks since I mailed the letter to the estate and well, boom, they just email me. So I pulled over, set the camera up so I can read this real quick. Mr. Howard, thank you for contacting us regarding passage on our land. I really should let you know more about the area. The land has been in our family for over eight generations. It has been a family promise to never sell or allow anyone else to live there. The sayings that were passed down over the years as something is very off with the land now I'm not talking about how it floods or anything in that regard. The story goes it used to be a problem with wildlife and growth, and therefore Native Americans often would base their around Contended Creek. The water source that feeds the land. Because of the value of the Native Americans there... There were some that died there and it should be honored in that capacity. Our family over the years, over the generations didn't want to spoil the land by selling to someone who didn't care for that heritage. Because of this, we also do not allow people to trespass on the land. We have strict orders with the county to keep trespassers off and away from the land with a standing prosecute order for anyone caught not obeying the request. I hope you understand. If you have any questions or would like to talk about the land, feel free to reach out via replying to this email or you can call me at and she gives a number. Sincerely, Jenna Mitchell Stevens. So, it sounds like a dead end, right? Well, before I set the camera up, I called and the conversation actually went pretty well, um. She's going to talk with the family and. Um, she said, I'll probably have to sign some type of waiver and I can't leave anything on the land. So like when I go on the land, I just, you know, that I can't leave, you know, leave no trace type thing, right? So, yeah. I think this is going to work out because after I spoke to her in person, I mean, it's a whole lot harder to tell somebody no when you're talking with them than it is, you know, like in an email. So, um, but she's gonna talk to the family and she's supposed to get a hold of me this afternoon. So yeah. I really do think this is going to work out. I'm going to get to go out there. It's bit pretty awesome. [Bill] I didn't have much information regarding the land from the estate, so I decided to do a little research. The only thing I really had to go by was there was Native American tribes in that area. Best place to go. Library, of course, there are found plenty of books regarding tribes that actually dated for centuries. I mean, if we have a ghost walking around, maybe there are some old Native American law regarding it right. Or at the very least, I can just get a little history on the area in general. All right. Here we go. The Tuscarora were the predominant tribe in the area where the forest is. It seems there was a war between the settlers in North Carolina and the Amity against the Tuscarora. The Amity were from umm, like southern South Carolina, northern or eastern Georgia, I guess. And they they fought together against the Tuscarora. The Tuscarora were outnumbered in the defenses, but were more than capable as warriors. Their access fell. Many white settlers and Amity Indians. The war proved short-lived, though, as the numbers were just too great. Eventually, nearly 1000 Tuscarora lay dead. And the ones that survived were either sold and bartered in the slavery, or those that escaped joined the Iroquois in New York. This war was clearly won by the left hand. One of this has got anything to do with. [Phone rings] [Phone rings] Hello. This is Bill. Yes, ma'am. Hey, how are you? Really? I can. Yes, certainly. Yeah, I respect Land of course. Umm. I mean, I'm, I'm may only say, like, one night and I'll just have my cameras and, you know, tent. Is it okay to have, like, a small campfire? Yes, ma'am. I'll make sure that it's out there now. I'll clean it up where you won't even tell there was a campfire there. Yes, ma'am. Now, do I need to call the sheriff and let them know that I will be, OK. You're going to let them know? Yes, ma'am. I drive a white Toyota FJ cruiser, but umm. But I think I'm gonna just have my wife. Maybe drop me off there. She's in a Volvo that, you know, it's not gonna the car is up to stay there overnight. I'll just stay there and she'll pick me up in the morning. Yeah, she likes this kind of stuff, So, it'll give her a chance to see it briefly. No, no, she she's not going to stay there with me overnight. Yes, ma'am. Um, I likely head over maybe on Monday. I think the weather's supposed to be pretty decent, but I'll head over when my wife gets off work and then um. Yes, ma'am. Also um, if you don't mind me asking you know after I get your email and you have mentioned about the the Native Americans had settled there. Yeah, I did a little bit of research, and you don't know anything. There was nothing that carried over in your family. Regarding, like, the, the Tuscarora war with the with North Carolina and the Amity and just that. Okay. Just that was... There's probably some buried there from. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Yeah um... Anyway, you know, thanks again. And I will message, you want to come out of the the woods and you know, that Tuesday morning. Yes, ma'am. Let the family know. I greatly appreciate it because ah, and I'm going to respect the land throughout. You don't have to worry about that. Yes, ma'am. All right. Have a good day. Thank you. I'm in. I'm in. Yes, yes, yes. What is wrong with you, Chloe? Why are you so scared? - What is that baby girl? - What's wrong with her? - She's freaking out. - Oh, my gosh. Do you think she senses something? They say there's no animals in this area. [Laughs] All right, Chloe. [Wind blowing] [Footsteps] [Footsteps] [Sighs] It's getting close to time when the figure would walk through the woods and ah, I'm out here in the woods. Obviously, But just kind of wanted to show you a little bit about how this place looks is really creepy in here. You can see these bins behind me. It's there, like, oh, knotted up. I mean, I have no idea how that would happen. Naturally, but these are big vines as you can see it, trees falling over into it that it's all entangled. And I mean, it's this is just a creepy place um. Let me show you real quick what I'm talking about. So just to kind of show you how it looks in here. I mean, it's just everything looks dead. There's no birds. Um. There's really nothing out here, if you can kind of see through there, just, you know. But look at that. The vines tangled up there. Um. So what I'm going to do. Um, like I said, that the sun's going down. It's not going to be much longer. It'll be below the canopy of the trees. And this will get dark pretty quick. So I'm gonna set camp back up in here somewhere. Um, and see how this thing goes so. [Footsteps] Alright so, we've got a nice little flat spot here. Think this is where I'm gonna set up and we'll put the tent over here. I've got room to make a small campfire later on. Like I said, it's getting dark pretty quick. The sun's getting right there at the top of those trees. I had to set it up pretty fast here. Just kind of give you an idea what I'm going to do. Ah. There's a feeder creek back here. Kind of, I guess on the horizon of the camera there that feeds into the greater content. And this is on the property I'm, maybe half a mile or three quarters of a mile into the property. Um. So this is where I'll kind of stay and I'm away from the road, away from the entrance that I came in on. And we'll set up. I've got this camera. I've got another camera in here that I'm just set on the back side of the campsite, both cameras on to the tent. Ah... And then I'll put some trail cams on some of these trees. I got some nice trees here, and the trail cams are going to face away from the tent. Just to see if there's any movement on the perimeter of my campsite here. Um... So, yeah, it's like I said, it's getting late, so I need to hurry up and get this set up. So, yeah, I'm gonna get this tent up. [Footsteps] [Rustling bag] All right, so ah, you see where I'm going to sleep tonight? This is home. I've set up a campfire over here in a little bit. But these are what I'm going use. These are trail cams. Um, I didn't do it live on the camera here, but where the figure walks each night, which is just about this time, I set up two of these trail cams, and hopefully I can catch something walking through there. But here in the woods, I'm gonna set these up on some of these bigger trees around the perimeter just to see if something's there. Uh... [Sighs] They said there's no animals. And as of right now, I haven't seen any birds. Haven't seen any squirrels hurt any squirrel. No, deer. I mean, there's nothing out here. It is just dead trees. [Smiles] Well, not dead trees, but they don't have any leaves on them. It looks dead so. Alright, let me get these put up. [Footsteps] [Footsteps] [Sighs] [Footsteps] [Audio and video glitches] [Audio and video glitches] [Sighs] Well, we have a change of plans. I think. Um... Phone's dead and. It was fully charged with those charger on the drive here, I mean, that was 2 hours and I already had I mean, I had, that was at 100%. Um... I was going to use this. It's not wet. Um, but I was gonna use this at the campfire and in the tent. But, Nothing. [Sighs] All right. So... We'll run this camera to look over the site. Now, get other camera out of the bag and instead of putting it on the up side of the tent, I will just use it at the campfire and at the tent. I guess. Um... Looks like there's not going be browsing the web tonight ah. Huh. All right. Let me get this campfire going before it gets too dark out here. [Footsteps] All right. Testing, testing. Testing. Testing, testing, testing. [Sighs] Take three. Testing, testing, testing. [Footsteps] Two hundred. All right. [Fire cracks] [Exhales Deeply] I'm going to be honest with you. It's ah, it's a little warm out here at the side this. [Smiles] I aren't doing stuff all right. So, ah, I guess want to explain things a little bit more and the best way, I guess, is the trail cams that I put up before I came out here. I had Susan dropped me off at the roadside and I ran to trail cam and put on trees out there. Ah... That way, if something comes back, They will. They set, no, those two are infrared cams. So they're not going to have a flash or anything like that. And that way. Passerby won't see a flash pop if something comes back. Um, when I spoke with the the sheriff's department and with the landowners, we decided it was best if I didn't do anything there by that roadside because there they have so many people that come out there and they've arrested so many people for trespassing. They don't want people to think all of a sudden it's OK because they see me out there. So therefore, we decided I'll come out into the property here, into the land, which is what I'm doing, and I'll just spend the night here. But I've got to trail camp set up there and I've got five cams around the tent site here. The cams around here are flash driven there. It's not infrared as it's called. Set off a flash that way. I know if something's out there now ahh what benefit do I get from being out here when the figure is being seen there by the roadside? Well, nobody's been in here looking because it's trespassing. Nobody's allowed in here. Um, again. They you know, by all accounts, animals are spooked in this area. And, you know, I'll be honest with you, it's a spooky place in here because it's really, really quiet Um, I can hear a train that may be four or five miles from here that's coming by now. And every now and then I can hear some traffic on the road. But like I said, I'm about three quarters of a mile in the property here. So um, um, a good ways away from cars and people. Um, and you know, when I was setting up the stuff, there were no birds, there were no squirrels. I mean, woods like this [Audio and video glitches] there these squirrels everywhere. I haven't seen any deer tracks. It's just been, you know, nothing. It's just really, really quiet. [Water splashing] [Fire cracks] All right. So that was a splash. And I'm not very far from one of the feeder creeks that goes into the [Indistinct] and ah, usually a splash is a beaver will slap its tail on the water like that. So I'm [Audio and video glitches] pretty sure that's what it was. And, you know, OK, we've got animals, right? [Water splashes] Um, [Water splashes] [Flashes] [Audio and video glitches] [Flashes] [Grunting] [Grunting] Alright. Yeah. Beaver. I don't know what the grunt was yeah, it is dark out here. The only light I got is that fire right here. [Fire cracks] What in the world? [Footsteps] [Audio and video glitches] When I was just looking around, I saw something glistening over here. When I bought the light from the fire and ah... We have a big, big bone. [Fire cracks] Right? We'll take that back with it. Um... As far as the land. Ah... [Sighs] The the animals are spooked. The land owners said they feel like this may have been some type of burial ground of now. Um... Now, I don't know about that, but I do know in the research I was doing, again, it said this. This is where the Tuscarora fought, the Carolinians and the Yamasee tribe. So there's probably been people that have died on this land buried here. I don't know. I don't think this I mean, it's much bigger than a leg bone. And I'm a pretty good sized guy. Ah... So I have no idea what that is. But um, yeah, They fought here and... [Fire cracks] Don't know if I uncovered this when I was cleaning the spot out for the fire. It's still a little warm. That was right there at the fire. [Huh] But yeah... Ah... That we have proof that look at that. Can you see it? I don't know if you can see it. I don't know if I have enough light. That is a beautiful arrowhead. Look at that. We needed proof. This cleared all kinds of things. Alright... anyway, I don't even know where I was at. That, I've got a couple trail cams out on the road where the figure walks through. I've got the five trail cams here, the camera. I can shed my light a little bit. The camera that's over here, I have a motion sensor set up on it. Um... So that if there's any movement out here, that's going to record because the battery won't last all night. Let me see if there's enough light oh, we're going to make some adjustments here on the floor. Here we go. So this is my camera. Let me pull the legs in on this. You can see the camera here. It's going to get really noisy here, But ah... Up on top of that is a it just when there's no light, it is has a hard time quite in focus the up on top there is a. Let me get back over here there's a motion sensor that's hooked into the camera and then that's what we'll turn the recording on. [Sighs] Alright. Get back over here. Ah, that's what I'll turn the camera on for to start recording. Then after 10 seconds of inactivity it cuts back off so that's kind of what we got. Um... They know that, these are let's, let's, let's get into the tent. Let's settle down. [Footsteps] All right. So this is my home for the night. Um... This tent. And sorry for the lack of cinematic quality. Here we are in a tent at night. Well, hopefully between the campfire behind me and the light here um, there's enough light hitting me. I know everything will be a little bit orange and red looking but nothing really do about that, that ah, you know what that I need to actually change that shirt. It's right enough. Ah... All right. Seems like it's worth so anyway, the, this area was likely heavily populated with the Tuscarora. Um, they were all along the creek. That's not far from here. And they yes, this is Tuscarora land. Now. The Arrowhead. I don't know if you, how well you can see it. Ah... Almost positive that this would have come from the Tuscarora. And that's a really nice looking arrowhead. Now, the bone this is a big bone. I have no idea if this has anything, the Tuscarora or not. I mean, you look, it's two feet long. I mean, much longer than, you know, like a leg bone on me. So, I have no idea if this is got anything to do with that or not, but I will. Well, I mean, this. I don't know if this is, how old this is. This could be a few weeks old for all I know, but I'll get in touch with somebody and we'll figure that out. You know, when I get back, um, but it makes you wonder, you know, more than likely the Tuscarora and the Carolinians fought here. It's, you know, they were here. [Audio and video glitches] So it only makes sense. The war went on for several years. So, yeah, it would only make sense that they fought here. And it makes you wonder if the figure that walks along the woods, if it's it's like some old spirit, [Rustling noise] I have no idea what it was. So we're going to find out. [Footsteps] [Panting] [Audio and video glitches] I don't know what happened to you, but you fell over. Um... The camera fell off. And... I don't know how, um, it's got a little bit of dirt mud on it, but nothing bad ah, it's pretty solid ground there, but it's soft enough for the landing. So I didn't see any damage but the legs were out and secured, and non of them collapsed or anything. [Audio and video glitches] [Indistinct] I don't think it's fake and I don't need to freak myself out um... Yeah, you know what? Let's call it a night and then we'll check out things in the morning. [Audio and video glitches] [Fire cracks] [Grunts] The fire, is behind me. And it was turned around. [Fire cracks] [Indistinct] [Audio and video glitches] [Rustling noise] What in the shit was that? This can go on friggin night. If anybody out there. I've got permission to be here. [Fire cracks] Oh. What? What is that? Ah... [Audio and video glitches] Oh, OK. Get the Light off. [Sighs] What in the crap. They are all over. Oh... [Panting] Oh... The tree fell. [Sighs] Oh... Oh... [Fire cracks] [Sighs] Oh. Dammit. This can't go all night. Cannot go on all night. Just let me get through the night. Stay there one night and I'll be out of here. [Earth rumbling] [Earth rumbling] Enough. [Audio and video glitches] [Flashes] [Flashes] [Flashes] [Flashes] [Flashes] [Deep rumbling sound] [Flashes] [Sighs] [Sighs] Oh... Got to be kidding me. Working again. [Sighs] Hey, can you come get me? What do you mean? It's only 9:00. There's no frigging way I've been out here all anyway. Do we have any damage from the earthquake? The earthquake that we just had a few minutes ago. Did, did you all have anything there. In the trees were falling. It just loud rumbling, shaking. Anyway. Yeah. Come get me. I'm not staying out here tonight. I have. I've got a bad cut on my hand. It's ah... Yeah. Babe just come and get me. I'm... Maybe a quarter mile from where you dropped me off. All right, we'll see about 2 hours. Bring a bandage with you because. I'm cut bad. All right. Bye. I haven't posted a video regarding the figure that walks in the woods. Um, in a little while, so I figured I'd give a quick update. I got permission from the landowner, and they notified the sheriff's department, and I was allowed to go on the property last night. They did not want me to go where the figure walks because they didn't want other people to see me there, which would then, in turn make them think they could, you know, other people to go there, that they it was all of a sudden OK. I did still get stopped by the sheriff's department. Um... Not long after I got into the woods. I don't know if somebody saw me, but everything was cleared up quickly. But things went off the rails really quick last night. Um... I ended up leaving my belongings, the trail cams and got out of there, had my wife come back out and picked me up, and um... I will post some updates later. Um... But I've looked through some of the footage and my cell phone died on me when I was out there. And there's some it looks like maybe some corrupt files. The weird thing is both cameras had corrupt files during the same instance that the cameras I was failing. So but I couldn't stay out there all night. Um... But I'll have some more videos on that soon. I just got to finish going through it all. [Footsteps] [Wind blowing] It's been a week since. I was out here and I'm still very much creeped out. Ah, that feeder creek is what you see there behind me. I should be getting near the campsite. But yeah, things... things went weird, and as soon as I came in the woods today, you guessed it, the phone died again. Ah... I'm gonna wind it up from here. Huh... And the trail cams. Are you ready? On the ground. Look at the big trees that fell. There's the campsite. [Footsetps] And that's what was falling. There's the bone. Ah... And ready? There's the tent. I'm going to get out of here. We're going. I guess there are some things you just can't explain. Perhaps it isn't meant to be explained, but through all that, it is evident that there is more than just a state that doesn't want anyone on the land. Is it the spirits of long killed Native Americans? I don't know. As for the earthquakes, there were no other reports anywhere else. It seemed to be centralized and just the area where I was camping. As for the bone, I found it wasn't a bear or deer or cattle for that matter. It was a human femur bone estimated age 300 years. You may have noticed a bandage on my hand as I was trying to escape the woods during the earthquake. I fell forward and there happened to be another arrowhead sticking straight up that I landed on. As for whatever it is that shows up every evening walking through the edge of the woods, well, it appears that it may have been watching that night and the earthquake as well. Officer James, can you tell me anything about the ghostly sightings in the woods? Not much, really. The land, it's owned by an estate that's been in the family for decades, if not centuries. Now, have you seen anything strange out there? I haven't. Of course, we get reports every now and then and generally, as teenagers trespassing and we do have a standing trespass order as set forth by the estate. There's a report that one of the deputies actually witnessed the the figure in the woods. Can you verify that? Again, I haven't seen anything. Um... There has been some rumbling at the office, and I can't verify that the deputy did see someone and the K-9 did not engage, which I guess you could say is pretty strange. Do you believe there's something paranormal out there. In the woods? No. Well, what do. You think people are actually witnessing out there? I mean, we even have video footage of it. It could be anything or multiple things honestly. If I had to guess, it's likely some kids that are trying to keep a story going. We're in a very rural area. There's not much to do around here. Once you get a story going. People try to fit in and let their imaginations run. Then you get those that try to encourage it even further, perpetuating evidence by actively playing a part in it. Look, we've had a lot of legends here in North Carolina from a high number of Bigfoot sightings to the devil tramping ground and the brown mount lights, even the Bakelite light, which isn't too far from here either. [Somber music] Sir, do you mind if I ask you a quick question? - Sure. We haven't heard about the figure in the woods. You must be talking about "Flint" [Tense music] Sir, do you mind if I ask you a quick question? Well, sure. Um... What's up? Have you ever heard of the figure in the woods? The figure in the woods? You, you've heard about that? You doing a story on him? Kind of. Yes, sir. I've been asking a few people around from that. You know the figure that was in the video? Yeah, I. I heard about it. I've never seen it, though. I mean, I heard some kids talking about it over there at the the campgrounds and stuff, but ah... I never seen it then. Thank you, sir. All right. Take care. Have you ever heard of the figure in the woods? The. The one, the local one? Yeah. - Yeah, um... Look, I don't live too far from there. I, I've never really seen it. But the other night, one of my dogs got out, and I had to walk right past it. I was looking for the dog. I'm going to tell, You ever had that feeling where, like, your hair stands up in your arms and you just kind of feel out of place. That's exactly what happened. I've not seen it. I have no desire to see it. It's there, though. I know it's there. Hey, sir, you mind if I ask you a quick question? Sure. Why not? Have you ever heard of the figure in the woods? [Laughs] Oh, yeah. I've done more than just heard about it. Have you actually seen it? Yeah, that's a good question, because I don't know what I saw um... I saw motion. I saw a figure, but I can't describe it to you in detail. It just, you know, it's been a couple of months, and I still get the willies thinking about it. Very interesting. Well, I'm hoping to kind of catch it on camera. So we'll see how that goes. Well. Just pay attention because you don't see a thing, but you see a thing. If that makes any sense. And it's going to go on by, it might go right beside you. And we don't even know it. But it's look. Look at me that's got me all shaking. Hmm. Good luck to you. - I appreciate it. Thank you, sir. - No problem. Hey, sir, can I ask a quick question? Yes, sir. Have you ever heard of the figure in the woods? I've heard about it. That's local or religion? Everybody talks about it. Can't be found in a store, and I've never seen it myself. But it sounds really interesting to kind of follow up on it. Have you ever been by there to look for it? I've been bother, but never seen anything but ah, did sheriff being allowed people over there anymore? Not yet, but I'm hoping. I definitely like to go have follow up. Would you, if you. Do, do that? I appreciate it, man. - Thanks sir. Hey. Walk in the runway. [Indictinct] Ma'am, do you mind if I ask you a question? - Sure. - Well, actually, we're on camera here. Have you ever heard of the figure in the woods? Yes, we all have. - Have you ever seen it? No. It's probably fake or made up. I've seen it. - Really? Baby. No, you haven't. I have. Every day when we come home from daycare. It's along the edge of the woods. [Smiles] She has a vivid imagination. I'm sorry. I promise. There's actually two of them. That one is a little bit deeper. They try and talk to me. We, we have to go.