Lenfilm Third Creative Union Gor Oganisyan Lyubov Polishchuk, Aleksandr Trofimov Yelena Bragina, Gabriel Vorobyov Vladimir Simonov, Sergei Makovetskyi Support us and become VIP member to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org Screenplay by Youri Arabov Directed by Oleg Teptsov The Initiated Shhh, we caught the thief Do it! And the fir? May 1 parade playing in the background Hey there... Verka didn't stop by? Have you heard?... The world will end this Thursday Those... Swedes predicted it We should buy more salt, cereals I brought some gumshoes from the factory - just in case This is William Arturovich, he'll stay with us for the holidays He's Masha's third cousin, make his acquaintance He can't hear a thing, but understands son of a bitch Have courage now, the demigod! Where's now your soul's deep cry? To rank itself with us, the spirits? Have courage now, the demigod! Where's now your soul's deep cry? - Vovka! - What? - Get up, they lost him! - Who? - Get up, they lost a man playing cards! Vovka, if you can't help, nobody can What do I do? - Go there? - Yes, get up and I'll fall on the knife myself get up let's go I'll fall on the knife myself Komsomol (Communist Youth) Guarantee Careful... come here Let him sleep here Vovka, could you go for a walk or stay at Lyoshka's place? Have courage now, the demigod! Where's now your soul's deep cry? To rank itself with us... ...the spirits? Have courage now, the demigod!... Come, Petya, drop your work, it's time to create, come quick! Quickly, quickly, Petya... begin! - My Guest, I feel you're close! - Spirit, Petya! Spirit, I feel you're close! Unveil yourself! Oh! How my heart is riven! Each sense, with eager palpitation Unveil yourself! You must! No, Petya, you're calling him like your mistress, and it's the Spirit! Use force to make it obey you, come... - Let's work here - No, can't do, follow me! I feel it, spirit Spirit, I feel you're close! Unveil yourself! I can't hear, follow me Volodya, now your lines... Volodya, come closer And... go! Who calls me? Cue! Cue, I said! Well? Say it already! - What? - Your cue: "Dreadful sight!" - Dreadful sight! - Moron! You wait now, wait I said! - I'll make you act! - I'm not acting! - Dreadful sight, dreadful sight! - Oh, get lost! - I'll make you act! - I'm not gonna act! Wait I say, wait for me! - I'll make you act! - Bugger off! - I'll make you act!... That's my mother's grave And here's my father I used to work as electrician at the factory the insulation was burnt and I got a large shock - And my father is an actor - What's his name? - Frolov - That Frolov? - That one - The Award winner? - Yes Why do you act in that club? I've wanted to become an actor since I was a kid We used to live there... one the other shore Magick Rites and Rituals of Peoples of Africa (XIX) Okay, will do Here, comrade Sverdlov, is the man we spoke of Is your cruiser ready to accomplish its assignment? It's ready alright... there's just not enough unity among the sailors The devils are confusing everyone - Who? - The mensheviks and the esers! And I'm no good at speeches, I'm a simple captain... No need to speak... you'll lead Yakov Sverdlov is the Award-winning actor Milent'ev ...the squadron will take the fairway... and line up like so And how about we turn around and do both fairways, alternatively? Last question. How did glasnost affect you personally? Come, don't be shy, come on Meet my friend, Voldemar, your admirer - He too was at the performance - Was he? Excellent One moment... Where were you? Where have you been wandering? I'm sick of calls from the university! Remember how I had to beg the principal? Leave me alone You see the play? How was she? Good? That was total crap... the director is pitiful How? Well, its language is too compilatory with too trivial a plot... the actors' performance does offset the wretchedness of direction, but... We performed it in Paris... the bourgeoisie in furs and diamonds understood nothing of our sailors... yet they applauded, yes - but this is not the righteous path, but a dead end dead end An anecdote... about Mirzayan they took this fool to Rome and he went to a pay toilet he finished, but can't get out can't figure out that he has to pay more to get out the plane is ready to leave for Moscow, Mirzayan is absent, everybody's anxious he's killed or kidnapped? then he arrives just in time, all covered in, pardon me, crap turns out he got out through some basements, had to break some bars Who is Mirzayan? The author of the farce you saw today No, this is not the righteous path Just decadence. What do you think? All the asininity comes from our chief director Nowadays, only an idiot can stage plays about revolutionary buffoons The problem... ...I t-think is not the buffoons The problem is... you are enacting lies That's what we're saying, young man, that the play is bad Why then undertake it at all? Why perform it in France? You became a laureate for it, I believe? Tell me now, uncle, not in vain, Engulfed in flame was Moscow... Surrendered to the French? Old-timers talk about some frays, And they remember well those days! With cause all Russia fashions lays About Borodino! Vova, we have guests Enthusiasts reenacting the war of 1812 vs. Napoleon are wearing costumes... The canons are real, while the costumes of the period are home-made This is how they spend their vacation It is said that Napoleon lost here not only 30,000 of his men but legend has it that also lost was a carriage with looted treasure perhaps campaign participants will join in on the search for the lost treasure We encourage the local folk to study the history of their land Have you succeeded? I believe so, yes, since our campaign... How do you like his bride? Cute, isn't she? Yes. I'll go to Lyoshka's place then... - ...to spend the night - Yea, go ahead Son of a bitch! It's you, Voldemar, no place to sleep again? Hungry? - Yes, hungry - Come in You're a fanciful being, Volod'ka, Not refined but piercing If you're in trouble, just tell me: "Lyosha, I've got trouble" And Lyosha will fix it, no matter what the cost He's got a razor, two sharp blades, and both for you, got it? Take this You're an honest bloke, but why is it you don't have a woman? don't know how to get one? I'll teach you and you'll call it "ex-butcher Lyokha's tale", Okay? That's what Pushkin would call it First... get a checking account. Got $5? Good enough! Don't have money? Borrow mine They'll give you the bank statement Add to what's there a few zeroes about 4 zeroes Lyosha will teach you good Find a chick and bring her home better yet, I'll let you borrow my place yours is always full So, you come, settle down... and you say... darling!... my back is itchy, I'll take a shower and you leave on the table your passport and the statement... which says you have... $50,000. Good. Tell me... is there a woman that won't look in the bank statement what did poet Pushkin say? "Is there a woman such..." - nope. I've had one such woman... proud... I added 10 zeroes for her, so she just froze there... - Is it all yours? - No, yours, I said I need you to take me to work and back I'll buy you a car for that You don't need to work, just guard the house, got it? and an hour later I told her... no, Dusya!... you're not a good match for me, I need an honest woman! Lyosh, you mind if I take my coat off? The cops are here put Dusya back Voldemar, hands up! - I'm Lyosha - Hi! Your mother told me you were here I'm Nikolai. You were right in cutting him off "Rome, Paris, francs, shillings..." I was entering university, so he even bugged the dean with that I have firm principles, and I think... How to kill a living man You know, I believe that today's youth, like never before... I emphasize, like never before, needs the subject of the revolution that wonderful pathos of the first revolutionary years Is this theme the chief subject of your artistic work? You see... this IS the chief subject If we lose these bright ideals of faith I don't believe that revision of history revision so fashionable today, will yield right, true conclusions Such is my opinion... because it became fashionable... introduce new historical actors, whitewash our ideological adversaries... and diminish class antagonism... slowly but surely... It's ready alright... there's just not enough unity among the sailors The devils are confusing everyone - Who? - The mensheviks and the esers! And I'm no good at speeches... - Vovka is here - I can see myself! Fyodor's part, and I must say, in general, Mirzayan's play The Cruiser is one of my most favorite plays of our theater's repertoire and even though we perform wonderful classical works, this one is special I sometimes hear it is obsolete that it's not in tune with our age and changes it brings... out of step with theatrical perestroika but I see this merely... as either snobbish ignorance, or as a call to abandon our revolutionary past I cannot interpret such a point of view otherwise The play is wonderful... You've seen the performance, and how the audience reacts, this is most precious What? You know? My god, Vovka, where did you get these burns? Were you kissing the kettle? Hey, have you gotten a woman? Tell me, who is she? What's her name? Vova?... You know... Kolya started drinking again Tell me... how did I appear in your family? Do you know... who is the Exterminating Angel? I guess so... a thing with 40 wings, tail, eyes, something dreadful like this It is he who can use the force given him from above to eradicate evil What "evil"? You mean people? Yes, people That angel, is he a man? Who gave him his force? Aliens? Why don't they eradicate evil themselves Why give force to a man? Don't they understand humanity at all? Look at these fools dancing That... angel... is me You see my lips? He gave me the force with a kiss And if you kiss someone else? Nothing will happen The force will stay with me Only if I decide to get rid of it... I will need to kiss the earth How will you judge people? Do you even understand them that well? No, but I received the gift of foretelling what will happen to a man So, what will happen to me? You - I can not say, I don't see To see a man's future... I need... to get angry at him I see... May I call you the Angel of Total Extermination? You don't seem to believe me What did the creature that gave you the force look like? That's not what matters He also showed me a strange thing... as if my father is not my native father and I came from somebody else Could this be? What do you think? You're the angel, you know better Lyokh, could he stay at your place for a while? only he's got no money Lyokha has enough doe... 300,000... and all due to cuts and chops... Moscow, Tambov, Leningrad style... What's the most honest style? Leningrad: good for me, good for you And which one's the stingiest? You see, butchers are now like hammermen What's a qualified butcher? When he can do everything... slaughter the cow, skin it, and carve up the carcass Okay? Let's go, 30... 31... 32... And what's that new fad for "freedom"? Go get them! ...protestors were jailed on orders of the military dictator Mbutu or take... also today, the Tanzania authorities accused Mbutu of incest and cannibalism or take... looks stale... or you take a hen for $1.70, remove the stamp, and sell it for $2.60 - What's this? - The family album Big family... well, let's see were you gonna be staying Here... you can settle down Stay as long as you like - Antique? - Yep - $10 a piece? - How about $25? - Let some nitwit give you that much - Just forget it This is my mother Calm, calm down, we'll call the cops Look at yourself in the mirror, wait! wait a moment... we'll declare a nationwide search... Button me up Look at me... put the jacket on... let me help... Verka!... okay... Vovka, do you know how to declare a nationwide search? - What for? - William Arturovich disappeared, we're going looking for him - Is she pregnant? - Where did you get that idea? Stop this nonsense! Do you know how to declare a search - or not? That mute will never come back I've wanted to ask you for a while, mom who is... my father No, I mean the real one I studied theology, laboured through philosophy and medicine ...and Jurisprudence. Yet here I stand, poor fool... Magister, doctor styled, for ten years I lead my pupils by the nose interpreting the subject, but no wisdom can come forth this troubles me, although I have more smarts than most... lost and confused they are, but the devil himself would not appall me Earth-spirit, you are closer to me You give me strength to carry on... and pledge my soul for everyone, fearless in my fateful hour... Clouds gather over me The moon conceals her light Red beams are flashing, I smell the horror from beyond the grave Spirit, I feel you're close! Unveil yourself! Oh!... How my heart is riven! Who called me? Who compelled me?... by his call... persistent and impatient? Who begged me to appear? Who longed to hear and see me? I heard your call and came - and yet... I find my caller fear-stricken And this is Faust... who spoke like equal to me with intense force I am in the storms of life... I am in waves, in fire, water, forever, in the eternal train of deaths... ...and births I am the ocean and the waves of change I am the loom with a magic thread... where out of the fabric of time I weave the life-garment of deity Where did you hide my son? Listen, my good man... If you don't leave Nikolai alone, I'll have to go to the police Don't try to lie He talks all the time about you lately How... good you are So, if tomorrow Kolya is not back home By the way, you should not howl even when playing a spirit Being simple and natural - is crucial in our profession Those Greeks could really write! Indeed... The subject is well chosen But Goethe is no playwright A better choice could have been made... Dvoretsky, for instance And I liked it That devil did especially well The way that poor devil seduced the Christian soul! That's true... No doubt about it But I must say... you are in the Communist Youth, right? So, what's our modern time like? Democratization, winds of change! And what have you got? Mysticism! And I think it was good! I only worry the kids might get scared Cause you, chap, are a bit frightening I too think that you did not quite get the feel of the role of the spirit What is the opinion of the Party organization? To dare, to keep working, what else? The international court in Strasbourg is examining the crimes of the dictator Mbutu The president's ex-council confirmed that Mbutu is guilty of cannibalism and genocide Mom? Are you here? How to kill a living man France Presse reports that... the republic's president general Mbutu died from a heart attack Rise! Rise. Rise, all. Repent! Repent!... You don't look too bad... And I'll be leaving soon... to Pechory, near Pskov Heard of that place? There's a big monastery there My buddies arranged to help with the restoration. It's good money... and food My dad has completely lost his mind... he's studying pantomime now And he's got himself some new friend... a deaf-mute... so dad has mastered his language Lots of people come to see him now He's a big shot statesman... Ah, here it is! You surely missed it while you were sick What is it? By pure luck, both the chief director and producer of my dad's theatre died so he's now holding both positions Listen... do you know anything against insomnia? Elenium and Dimidrol I'm taking Valerian drops - and nothing Where are you heading? Stuffy in here - Now, talk! - About what? - About the deaf-mute, everything - What about him? Talk! This actor from the pantomime theatre came to see my dad about something - They went in the office... - Be quiet! What happened next? Next... The deaf-mute has left, and father remained greatly agitated Not his usual self He also said strangely that he shall now arrange life according to laws, morals And the deaths of the executive producer and the director - occurred after the deaf-mute's visit? Yes, after, after! Only there's nothing mystical about this, you idiot, got it?! Lyosh... do you have any Dimidrol or Elenium? Take this, better than any Elenium Just don't take more than 2 pills, or else... L-lyosha, can you fix... the sound? ...devaluation of moral values... escape from reality into rock-music... this... ...spawned by Western counter-culture will inevitably... ...positive examples... precisely Excuse me, is Mikhail Mikhailovich home? - He'll be back in 40 minutes, come in - No, thanks, I'll stop by later I know everything... What do you need it for? You've got it all: status, money, power Renounce it! Have pity for your own children People like you... Your generation shouldn't have been born in the first place You have squandered everything we worked so hard to create So... what's that knife for?... Just throw it away You are not a judge... How can you judge us? Yours is a generation of illegitimate children I... wait... You're not a judge... You can't judge us... Your generation should have never been You're not a judge... The morning gently lights up... the old Kremlin's walls With the first light of dawn... the whole Soviet country wakes up Don't stand, brother, by the prison Don't knock you shoes... Go to... Vov... Vova... I'm going to Masha's place Vova... I'm off to Masha's place... I'll be back... back soon... The bastards aren't turning the heat on Turn the heater on... to get warm... you hear?... Screenplay by Youri Arabov Directed by Oleg Teptsov Cinematography by Valeri Myulgaut Production design by Pavel Parkhomenko Original music by Sergei Kuryokhin Sound editor: Aleksandr Gruzdev Assistant director: Nataliya Chalikova Film Editing by Irina Rudenko Makeup artist: Tamara Frid Costumes by: Pavel Kaplevich, Nataliya Zamakhina Script editing by M. Baskakova Camera: A. Taborov, S. Okhapkin Special effects by L. Krasnov Stunt coordinator: Oleg Korytin Stunts by: S. Golovkin, A. Baranov, V. Rybin, S. Sokolsky Orchestra "Pop-Mekhanika" conducted by Sergei Kuryokhin Chamber choir "Lege Artis" conducted by Boris Abalian Set Decoration by G. Popov Puppets by: V. Malakhieva, A. Kuznetsova Choreography by: M. Beltova Assistant directors: G. Kapitskaya, M. Malich, M. Okolina Artist-photographer: M. Perelman Graphic arts: N. Plygun, O. Kalyagina, M. Bahareva Makeup: N. Kovach Props: V. Kuleshova, A. Molchanova Costumes: R. Shkolnikova, N. Tarasenko Asst editors: E. Karelina, N. Subaeva Lighting technician: D. Kulakov Color technician: P. Tenkaeva Video techs: A. Vernikov, Y. Lyubenko Administrative group: V. Ovcharenko, S. Andreev, P. Sukhodolsky Executive producer: Georgi Mautkin Main cast: Volodya - Gor Oganisyan Mother - Lyubov Polishchuk Frolov - Aleksandr Trofimov Vera - Yelena Bragina Nikolay - Gabriel Vorobyov The Mute - Vladimir Simonov Liokha - Sergei Makovetsky Rest of cast: Sveta - Olga Samoshina Petya - Vladimir Yuryev Young Volodya - David Oganisyan E. Drapeko, V. Kuzin, E. Merkur'ev, M. Vasil'eva, E. Shmidt, A. Pashkevich A. Shepochkin, Y. Mal'tsev, Cabrera Laugart Leonidas Y. Yeliseev, N. Makar'ev, S. Popovskyi, S. Goryushin, S. Il'ina, N. Garev O. Talanova, V. Shennikov, V. Malakhieva, M. Sereda, L. Chernykh Sound recording performed in Lenfilm's Technical Videocentre The End Copyright (C) 1989 by Lenfilm Studio