Wow, these are amazing. Hey. Is somebody there? What do you want? Why did you bring me here? Eric! Eric, are you okay? I'm good. I just can't get that thought out of my head. Okay. Thank you for joining us, let's get started. Welcome to the Alien Contact and Abduction Support Group. This is a group where we offer a non-judgemental place for people that have experienced the phenomenon of alien contact and abduction. We offer guidance and emotional support and I know through years of research that people are often left with more questions than answers and often this leads one to a state of confusion. But here, we hope that we can shed some light on your experience. Maybe all of us can help you find some peace and understanding for your particular experience. I understand what you're going through. It took me six months to come to a meeting. How did you find out about us? No one believes what happened to me out there in the desert. I was out there because I was meeting friends in Vegas and thought I'd stop by the Trona Pinnacles and take some photos. I told my friends and family but after awhile after I kept telling them about my experience and how I felt that they were talking to me, they just stopped coming around. I still have nightmares. I started to think that I was crazy and that I just dreamt it all up. But I know, I know that this is true. Something happened to me out there in the desert and I keep getting these headaches when I think about it too much. I finally did some research on alien abductions and I found this group. Yeah, that's because they're watching us. I know because they talk to me. That's why I wear this. Right John? Yes, I believe there is a phenomenon that I experienced when I was in the military and I've felt the same way as all of us. But I wear this because I don't want to be found... by anyone. Me either but I don't wanna have to wear something like that. Mm mm, I lost all my friends and family. It's 'cause they were taken by them. They're not gonna get me again, no way, uh-uh. What made you decide to come here? I was having these nightmares all the time. I just wanted them to stop. I still don't know what happened to my husband. My nightmares haven't stopped neither, and I've been coming here almost six months. Yeah, yeah we know. We all have to hear you talk about it for the last six months. - Screw you, Melanie. - Hey calm down everyone. One at a time. We're not here to judge each other's experiences. We're here to welcome Eric. I want to thank you again for sharing. Since this is Eric's first time here, I thought we'd all go around the room and tell him why we're all here. Why don't we start with you, Becky? Okay. I had a husband. We were really in love. Then we went camping one night in the woods. What are you doing? I want to document our trip, babe. Could you not? Why not? Because I don't feel like being filmed right now, okay? You wanna stop, please? Okay guys, go night night. The dogs sleepin' okay? Yeah, I think they really like it here. What is that? I don't know. I mean it's too far in the woods to be car headlights. It's probably just another camper with a lantern. I've never seen a lantern like that before, it's weird. You know what, it's probably just the Park Ranger comin' around and makin' sure everybody's camping permits are up to date. Yeah... maybe. Jimmy, Daisy, quiet. Quiet, knock it off. Something's got 'em spooked. Listen. It's a weird noise, it's no animal, it's not crickets. I don't know what it is, you don't hear it? But I definitely don't have a good feeling about this. There it is again. What is that? I have no idea what that is. It's really creepin' me out babe, go get the gun. Okay, let's go take a look. Okay, you go first. Harry. Snap out of it. Harry! Leave him alone! Harry? Harry! Leave him alone. What happened? Harry? Harry, what is that thing? What happened in the woods? Calm down, Becky. This is a gift. This will solve all the problems. What are you talking about? I must bring this into the world. It is a gift for everyone. How do you know that? They told me. Who's "they," Harry? You'll see. Jimmy, Daisy, no, leave it. No, oh my god, no! Jimmy? Daisy? Jimmy? Daisy? Come on, guys. Daisy? Jimmy? Daisy? Jimmy? Come on, guys. Daisy? Jimmy? Don't scream. Who are you, what are you doing out here? I know what's happening right now, I saw what happened. - What are you talking about? - The crystal, your husband. - The visions. - How do you know about that? We can't let it happen, it's got to be stopped. Stop what? We can't let him take the crystal into the city full of people. Think of what will happen. They don't want to save the planet, they want to sterilize the entire planet. I have seen the visions. What are we supposed to do, get rid of the crystal? The crystal can't be destroyed. All we can do is hide it for now. But they always seem to find it and find another way. How do you know that? The same thing happened to my wife and many others. I've seen it happen several times. What are we supposed to do? We've got to get the crystal from him. We gotta get it back. How? Every time I grab it, I get burned. We have to do something or else this is what will happen. How did they die? All of them victims, my wife is buried there too. She went mad when she found the crystal, she killed herself. I buried her here to hide her and the crystal, hoping no one would ever have to suffer the same fate. Your husband can't take the crystal into the city, he just can't. We better hurry because he can't get very far. I've got the keys. You need to go in and distract him. I'll see if we can take the crystal from him. Okay, I'll talk to him. Harry? What are you looking for, babe? The keys, okay? I need the car keys, we gotta get outta here. I don't know, why? We gotta go back to town, all right? I'll explain later but where are the damn keys? - Babe, what's going on? - Stop yelling at me please. It hurts, where's the keys? - Baby please. - Oh my god. We gotta get outta here, please! I didn't mean for you to hurt him. Don't be fooled, he's not your husband anymore. He's not trying to get to a hospital, he's trying to get to the city. Wait, don't do it. You remember the last time you did that? I have to try. Stop! Harry, stop! Stop, Harry stop! Please stop. Stop. Please... let me go home. Please. Don't you have any compassion? Let me go. Let us go. Where's my husband? He's gone already, I tried my best to stop him. What can I do? - Nobody's gonna believe me. - You have to keep going. All right, come on. Oh, my arms are broken. If you wanna have a chance, just leave me. Harry, wait! Hey lady. Help me. So how did you get so far out here? My husband's hurt, I'm trying to find him. Look, I don't know what you're talking about with all that but let me get you to the hospital, okay? Wait stop stop stop, that's him. Let me out, let me out. Are you sure you wanna do this? Isn't that the guy who hurt you? Harry. Harry, wait. May I get a ride into the city? Hop in. To this day, I know they implanted something in my tooth. I can hear them every day. Do you hear them right now? No. They talk to me when I'm alone or when I'm with a non-believer. They wanna make you look crazy. They implanted something in my head too except I hear these high pitched sounds and somehow I can understand them but they only communicate with me when I'm sleeping, in my dreams. Thank you for your honesty and most importantly, your courage. Pardon me, everyone. I'm sorry to bother you. Is this the alien abduction group? - How can I help you? - My daughter, she's missing. I found out about you and I need your help. If she's missing, why don't you just go to the police, ma'am? No, you don't understand, I think she was abducted. I think you should let her in, I think she's telling the truth. I don't think this is a good idea. - They could've followed her. - I think Matt's right. How do we know she's not one of them? Because look at her, she's terrified. I do not like this idea, she could be one of them. I really think she needs to go, they could've followed her. Matt, that's enough. - Come on in. - Thank you. I know you don't know who I am but I'm telling the truth. My daughter was babysitting while she was away at college. - Where is she now? - I don't know. The last I heard from her, she left me this message. Mom, I hope you get this. Hi mom, I'm at my babysitting job. I'm going to be studying tonight because I have my Astrology exam next week. You're gonna be really happy to hear this. Once I finish, I'm finally going to be able to graduate and get my Doctorate so that I can write my dissertation. I know you don't want me going to Puerto Rico but they have the largest telescope there. I know you're thinking, what is she talking about? Oh by the way, there's going to be a lunar eclipse tonight. So I hope you get a chance to go outside and see it. Well I'm putting my phone on vibrate because I don't want to wake the baby, so I'll talk to you later, bye. Pleasant dreams, little one. Hi. No, you cannot. Brian, this is important to me. Besides, they don't even know you and they would not appreciate me having guests over. I'll call you tomorrow morning. Let's get together for lunch for sure, okay? Hello? Brian? Weird. Where would the fuse box be? Kitty? Kitty? Okay. They're coming to get you, Barbara. Stop it, you're ignorant. Oh, no. I said you will call no one. Hello? You will listen to my orders, you will listen and obey. Hello, who's there? Whoa. Dammit, it's still not working. Oh no. What happened? Hello, Mrs. Murphy. Yes, went to bed about 30 minutes ago. Are you having a good time at the party? Well yeah, everything's good here except... the electricity went out, the TV's been acting funny. Also the landline, it's not working. Well, don't worry, I'm sure everything will be fine by the time you're back. My phone is fully charged. I'll see you guys in a couple of hours. Bye. Hello? Is anybody there? What is that? Hello? Can I help you? Actually I came over to check on you. Our electricity went out and has not come back on yet. Our electricity went out here too but I managed to get it back on. Maybe the electric company hasn't fixed ours yet. Well can I help you with anything else, candles, flashlights? - No, we're good for now. - Well thanks for stopping by. One more thing. I think something got the cat here on the porch. That's terrible. Probably a wild dog or something. Something funny's definitely going on. Well lock your doors, goodnight. Goodnight. Hello, hello? Hello? Damn it. Hello? No. No. No. No. Help! I'm coming. No! Not the baby! Well that was fun. I gotta get up in five hours. Look out! No! No! No! No! Mom, I hope you get this. You have to believe there's something here killing us. I hear it coming. Can you hear it? From the sky. I haven't heard from her since. I went to the house but nothing, there's no trace of her. What about the kid's parents? Missing. How are you so certain it's an alien abduction and why would you come to us for help? When I went to look for her, I found her phone. And when I looked at it, it contained video of what happened. At least what I could see. Do you have it, the proof? - Yes I do. - I don't believe you. I knew it, I knew it, I've seen it, I knew I wasn't crazy. Wait, you're saying that that is what took you? That's not what took me. That's not what took me either. Are you calling me a liar? Why does everybody else have a different experience than you? I don't know, I just know what I saw. Guys, this isn't the place for judgements. What if all our experiences are different? What if there are other alien species? - What? - Yes. Other aliens here doing the same thing. Another species, that's a good point. What about it, John? Ah! Oh my god! Take this, put this over your back tooth. Hold this behind your neck. Are you okay? How did you know how to do that? - They must be implanted. - Implanted? You mean there's something inside of them? - Are they listening? - Perhaps. But we're blocking it now. Is that thing real on the video? Where did you find that phone? It was laying next to the baby crib when I went inside to look for my daughter. What if it was left there? You think they did it on purpose? Why else would they lead her here? I think they might be trying to give us some information. You said you found that phone by the baby's crib, right? I don't know, there was no sign of a baby. Just a smell, I've never smelt it before. What kind of smell? I mean what did it remind you of? Maybe like meat, not quite fresh but not rotted yet either. I know that smell, like a fresh piece of steak right before you cook it. - Yeah, like that. - Yeah. That's the smell I sensed right before they took my family and my friends. This is Deacon, I'm at the remote location. No bodies, no one. It's happened again, the smell is unbearable, putrefaction. The species was dominant. Same thing, she's on the move. Here tilt your head back, put pressure on it okay? It'll take the swelling off your face. Aspirin? Do you want some aspirin? - Go on. - It's just aspirin. - It'll help with the pain. - Take it. Please don't let my husband anywhere near me. Do you have pain anywhere else? I knew it, that's where he was kicking her. Is it hard for you to breathe? - No. - Good. What's your name? It's Kara, he's usually a good man. It's just that he has a really short temper. It's okay Kara, it's okay, you're safe now all right? My name is Adrian, do you remember how you got here? I've just never seen him like that before. All right. You can stay here as long as you want, you're safe okay? Hello? Hello? Hello? Why do you keep trying to use your cell phones? You know we don't have reception up here. I always try my cell phone. Why when you know it doesn't work? I don't know. This is why you should have landlines for emergencies like this, not cool. I've had one before and people abused it. We are out in the middle of nowhere. Who is gonna help us, what do we do with her? Where are we gonna take her? Outside, upstairs, what are we gonna do? Not yet, no. Let me get her water. Here, give that to her. Sip that, it'll help. I promise it'll help you. Listen to my voice, you need to drink something. Do you have any other areas of pain, are you feeling dizzy? I have never seen him like that before. He's been so different lately. I'm gonna go check on him. They usually get like that before they're about to get caught doing something stupid. How often does he do this? There's something very different about him lately. That's usually the first sign of an affair. It's okay, it's okay, it's just water, it's just water. What is that, will you go check on them please? Make sure they have the situation under control. Come on, come on, come on, come on. No, don't you go passing out on me. Not yet. You still think you're a big mother, don't you? - Don't you? - I didn't-- I did not! You did not what, homes? - Beat the piss outta your wife? - No, I didn't! Liar! Stop. Stop. Uncle Tony, please just do what they say. Please, if you stop now, I won't press charges. Why do you still come in my room and watch me sleep? What? What? Bitch, you're crazy, my hands have been tied since you crazy broads brought me here. No. Yeah. - What are you doing? - How 'bout this? - What are you doing? - Did you say "press charges"? Well the Sheriff's gonna be here in just a few hours and we're gonna press charges on your ass. Cindy, don't do this. He obviously needs help, I mean maybe-- Don't talk to me like you know me or like we're friends. Maybe it'd be better if you went and sat outside. That's right sweets, new girls need to mind their neck, okay? - It's such a crazy day. - You're crazy. You think I want this dude saved? - Don't move. - He raped me. My uncle raped me. What? I didn't rape you, I didn't touch you! Touch me again Uncle Tony, I swear to God I will slit your throat and I will not call the police. You don't know what you have in that kitchen. I'm about sick of this guy. Oh, Jesus! You tore that nose up like you were cuttin' paper. His old ass felt like paper. Oh no, you did not just headbutt me. That son of a bitch passed out on us again, Cindy. We'll see about that. What are you doing? What are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing? Look-- Jesus. I was knitting a blanket with that. I am not the enemy here. The enemy's in that room. You have no idea what she's gonna do. You people decided to attack me and not hear reason. You hit me with a rock before you could hear what was going on! We heard screaming and we followed the screams to a clearing to find you beating your wife. - She-- - You were choking her! You took your knee and stabbed it in her face. Which I doubt you would do that again. Please. Don't do this. You need me. Melanie, don't. What are you doing to him? This doesn't make it right. You all were doing so well. Please, they're trying to kill me. Shut up. I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to my girls. You're all mentally deranged. - I can't stomach your face. - You need to understand. Something's there in the next room waiting. My daddy was a monster and you know what he would do? He would put me in the corner of a room and he would beat me with anything he could find. So don't you dare tell me what a monster is. Cindy, will you go and make us some tea please? Would you like some tea? I was just thinking, as I was getting my ass kicked in, I could certainly go for some Royal English breakfast tea. You're so disrespectful. Melanie, enough. Go check on Kara, see if she's hungry. Is that her name, Kara? Cindy, the English breakfast tea will be just fine. Can you also bring me a first aid kit, please? I don't want-- what is your name again? - It's Edgar Price. - Edgar. I don't want Edgar bleeding all over my floors. Well Edgar, my name is Adrian, you do know where you are? I just need to finish what I set out to do. And what is that? I need to kill the last of 'em before the next phase. I'm sorry, I'm not following you. Look, you people are in grave danger as long as that thing is under this roof. Are you referring to your wife, Kara? - She's not a thing. - That's not my wife. You can't take out all your anger on women. Women are special. Men are too. I named this house when I opened it the Sullivan House after Anne Sullivan. You people are man-bashers that hide behind a cause? Don't you know what's about to go down here, Adrian? I will not be a victim no more. Lady, if we don't get outta here in about 45 minutes, we're all gonna be dead. That's how long a phase takes. Cindy was forced to get high with her father and then violently used as a punching bag. She's been in our program for 90 days. Well I'm thinking they all had a relapse. It's called anger. Sometimes you see something and it triggers a memory, no matter how much a person has changed. So yeah, I guess you could say we had a relapse, but when we see somebody beating their wife, nearly killing them, we lose our shit, then we strike. I guess you have a story as well. How do you take your tea, Edgar? Lady, enough with the games, tea time is over, untie me. I was seven when my mother died. That's when my father turned to alcohol. He used to lock me in closets every time I pissed him off. That's when I ended up in a shelter and I read The Miracle Worker, and that changed my life. It made me want to help. So I wanted to open up a place for battered women. You save lives, that's very noble of you. Well let me tell you what's about to go down here. Kara, she'll be coming out to conclude the last phase at the Sullivan House if you don't untie me now! What type of work do you do, Edgar? What? She asked what type of work do you do? - I work for the government. - Doing? - I work for the government-- - Is your job stressful? Yes. What exactly do you do for the government? I work for a group that monitors extraterrestrial life here on earth. What? Like E.T.? Lady, you wish they all look like E.T. They are ruthless, they walk amongst us imitating what we do. All they need is some sort of DNA from that person and then they multiply and feast. When that happens, they call us. We are highly trained to seek out and destroy, period! No matter what or who they transform into, you cannot look at them as human, period! She's an alien, your wife's an alien? She ate my wife. What they eat, they become. That's when they can be put down. During their transformational stage, they're vulnerable. Their personal protection field is shut down. They are here to, where's that other girl Melanie, where'd she go? - Oh chill out-- - Checking on E.T. She's been with her too long, call her. She's probably trying to phone home. Call her. Chill out, enough with this. Melanie? - Melanie? - Untie me now! Mel. She's done. Yes? - Everything okay? - Yes. Douchebag here thought you were kidnapped by aliens. She is not okay. You were watching her ass, right? - What? - I saw you. Melanie is done, you people need to untie me now. Did you like watching her? You just saw her, she's fine. She is not fine! Cindy, go check on Mel. Jill, stop harassing our new guest. Guest? You meant hostage. Did his spooky alien story get to you? No, but he believes it enough to piss his own pants. Jill, let me know if he watches my ass too on the way out. Mel. Give me the scissors. Why? Don't, he might do something to us. No, I'm here to help you. Edgar, tell me again what is it that you actually do? You know what I do and now I have failed. Please, cut me loose now. Mel? I'll go check on them. Please, cut me loose, please. - Cindy? - Cut me loose. Melanie? Cut me loose, please, please, please. - Shut up! - Cut me loose. Shut up. - Adrian. - Melanie? Adrian. Adrian , cut me loose. For the love of God, please. I'm sorry. Then you see, there are multiple species. It's all true, we're not alone, they live among us. They breed with us, they eat us. Literally thousands of people go missing every year with no explanation and no one goes looking for them. I believe you now but what can we do? What are we supposed to do? No one believes us, I mean we have no proof. But don't you have proof, though? I mean the chip inside your tooth, haven't they taken x-rays of it? I can hear them, I can feel them. I have a scar to prove it, you saw what happened. Advanced technology. - Well maybe. - No yeah, yeah. I mean we know electricity exists, right? But we can't see it. How do I explain that I can hear them in my mind? - I can't. - Wait, wait. None of this was happening until you two showed up today and then she came and showed us that video. I mean you two are new here, how do we explain, is this supposed to be a coincidence? That is a discussion for another day, Matt. No, we need to discuss it now. - How do you explain it? - I'm not sure. It all means something, I just think that maybe we need to, we need to team together. Why are you being so defensive? I'm not being defensive, Matt. I just think that now that this group is becoming more known and we're getting more people to join us and maybe these visions that we all think we see, they're just made up. These are not made up stories, John. These are not just dreams, okay? I have the scars to prove it. Somebody here is not being honest. - Somebody's lying. - This is not helping at all. Everybody calm down, just calm down. Take a five minute breather, okay? Everybody just, just take five. Is this what you saw? Where did you find that? Is this what you were looking for? Where did you find that? Harry should have finished his mission. What's going on here? You should've let him finish his mission. Now we will have to find someone else who will. They're here. I can hear them talking. I don't know what's going on. No, I feel terrible. They're here now. Oh my god, Matt. We need to get outta here. You have a mission to complete. - What mission? - You were all chosen. ♪ Walking down an alley street ♪ ♪ Darkness you expect to meet ♪ ♪ Someone creepin' up on you ♪ ♪ And now you wish it wasn't true ♪ ♪ Takin' you down, running trying to get away ♪ ♪ Screaming for help, it's too late ♪ ♪ Don't look back, no one here to save you now ♪ ♪ It's too late, dang you're trapped ♪ ♪ Looking forward, hands apart before you get sliced in two ♪ ♪ Oh, trying to get away, the victim is you ♪ ♪ Give it up, it's that old feeling out of fear ♪ ♪ Run the victim fires away and ending his career ♪ ♪ Takin' you down, running trying to get away ♪ ♪ Screaming for help, it's too late ♪ ♪ Don't look back, no one here to save you now ♪ ♪ It's too late, dang, you're trapped ♪ ♪ You're dead ♪ ♪ Dead man walking, I'm coming for you ♪ ♪ Make no mistakes, I'm gonna cut you in two ♪ ♪ Dead man walking, I'll put a gun to your head ♪ ♪ Say your last goodbye, you're gonna be dead ♪ ♪ Dead man walking, I shot you down ♪ ♪ Wishing you had never left town ♪ ♪ Walking down an alley street ♪ ♪ Darkness you'll expect to meet ♪ ♪ Someone creeping up on you ♪ ♪ And now you wish it wasn't true ♪ ♪ Takin' you down, running trying to get away ♪ ♪ Screaming for help, it's too late ♪ ♪ Don't look back, no one there to save you now ♪ ♪ It's too late, dammit, you're trapped ♪ ♪ He's a dead man walking ♪ ♪ Dead man walking, I'm coming for you ♪ ♪ Make no mistakes, I'm gonna cut you in two ♪ ♪ I never knew who I was ♪ ♪ I needed you to be enough ♪ ♪ You saw a diamond in the rough ♪ ♪ I saw myself in your love ♪ ♪ And now you're lost in ♪ ♪ My kind of dreamland ♪ ♪ Now you're tossed in ♪ ♪ My life of quicksand ♪ ♪ In my dreamland, dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪ I never grew to be tough ♪ ♪ I needed you to stand up ♪ ♪ You saw a lion in the fluff ♪ ♪ I saw my strength in your love, in your love ♪ ♪ Now you're lost in ♪ ♪ My kind of dreamland, dreamland, dreamland ♪ ♪ Now you're tossed in ♪ ♪ My life of quicksand, quicksand ♪ ♪ In the dreamland, dream, dream ♪ ♪ In the dreamland, dream, dream ♪ ♪ Chief enough 'cause you're quickly to the ground ♪ ♪ Dusty skies are blinding while I see your crying sounds ♪ ♪ Desperately reaching out for fancy fleet dead rounds ♪ ♪ The grab of callous fingers just pulled me from the crowd ♪ ♪ Now you're lost in ♪ ♪ My kind of dreamland, dreamland, dreamland ♪ ♪ Now you're tossed in ♪ ♪ My life of quicksand, quicksand ♪ ♪ In the dreamland ♪ ♪ In the dreamland ♪ ♪ In the dreamland, lost in, lost in ♪ ♪ My kind, my kind ♪ ♪ Of dreamland, dreamland, dreamland ♪ ♪ Tossed in, you're tossed in ♪ ♪ My life, in the dreamland, of quicksand ♪ ♪ Quicksand ♪ ♪ In the dreamland ♪ ♪ In a dreamland ♪ ♪ In a dreamland, dreamland ♪