"Your turn!" (Soundtrack: finger-guessing game from TV) "Here goes ..." "Straight six!" "We have deep feelings for each other" "That's five wins! Don't let go" "Loneliness is hard to bear" "Four happinesses, two couples" "Let me give you all my love" "Two good brothers, eight highways" "Three toasts to the revolution!" "Drunk every day, drink with every meal" "Drink like an Asian hero" "There's a cow up the mountain" "Dancing with rigid hips" "Eyes like green peas on a turtle's head" "My hands are on your hips ..." Get on Where to? - Downtown - Get on! Get the guy to pay his fare Mister, can you pay your fare? Your ticket? I'm a policeman Fenyang Public Security Bureau... Fenyang People's Procuratorate... Fenyang People's Court... and Fenyang Justice Bureau... urge criminals to turn themselves in To advance the rectification policy and the fight against crime... the county party committee and the government... have launched a 100-day public security campaign This campaign is county-wide The relevant national laws and regulations... There's one thing... My supplier from Xiaoyi came yesterday Someone stole his wallet on the way The money is no big deal... but he needs to get his ID back As you know, it's a hassle to get a new ID When was it stolen? Around dusk, yesterday Where? By the bus terminal I'll ask around Try your best, will you? That damn Xiaoyong is going great guns They say he's been to South Korea No way, it was North Korea! Whatever, he got to go abroad He's smart Dear viewers, our famous local entrepreneur... Mr. Jin Xiaoyong will get married tomorrow On behalf of Fenyang TV's call-in program... I'd like to give Mr. Jin our most sincere congratulations! Thank you Mr. Jin, tomorrow is your wedding day Many friends have called in to us... to request songs for your wedding Do you have a few words for our viewers and friends? People of Fenyang, old friends... First, I want to thank you for all the support and help over the years On this special occasion... in gratitude to supporters of our company in Fenyang... I'd like to give something back to the community Our company has decided to donate 30,000 yuan... to Fenyang's 'Project Hope' Hang on, there's no rush! Er Bao... There's no need... Don't go just yet A gift from Xiaoyong. Take it, take it - Come on - Okay - See you tomorrow - Take care Bye What a schedule! Hey, your mother was asking if you've invited Xiao Wu Huh? Why is she worrying about Xiao Wu? I'm just saying she asked Forget it What should we do? Shall I tell him? Are you kidding? Too late for that - Where's Dong Dong? - He hasn't shown up yet - Is he okay? - Yeah, I was at his place yesterday Who lifted from a Xiaoyi guy yesterday? - Near the bus terminal - I did - Where's the ID? - I threw it away Go find it What's up? He's Gengsheng's friend This is from yesterday Liubao... Thanks for the tip - Lousy weather these days, stay dry - Does it matter? You're asking me? Let's eat Go ahead Do you know what this provincial campaign is all about? Then do you know what 'crack-down' means? The purpose of this campaign is... to promote the newly promulgated criminal laws In order to implement the new measures... we must raise public awareness... and promote the study of the new laws Such as the code of criminal procedure and the criminal law Both have come into force this year We promote... Give your uncle a hug Be a good girl, will you? Give me a hug Who bought you this mango? Who bought this mango? - It was your daddy, wasn't it? - Tell uncle I'll take her, she's a shy kid Seems nice to have a kid Yeah, means a lot Did you find that thing? That ID card, the Xiaoyi guy's - Is this the one? - Here, let me see... Yes, it is You guys know what you're doing I'll buy you lunch Sure As you wish You need to lie low for a bit They're turning up the heat If you get yourself caught... you'll be in real trouble I've stopped Yeah, go easy Why don't you learn to do business? Look at Xiaoyong He's doing great I hear he's putting up another building by the West Gate I don't think like him Who does? It's all about gut feeling Think big, grab your chances Do nothing, get nowhere, that's what I'm seeing Excuse me, boss... What do you want? We're here with the police, about the demolition and relocation We don't see you for ages and when you come you want to demolish the place - We'll take measurements - Okay - Got it? - Yes Liang Xiao Wu, what are you doing here? Chief... Not even a hello? Pretending you don't know me? I didn't see you What are you up to? I'm doing business Business? You've heard the announcements? Yes, I have You... You need to shape up Learn to be a good person Look at your buddies from the old days Most of them have changed Look at Jin Xiaoyong He runs his own company They even named him "Model Entrepreneur" And you? Still up to your old tricks? I stopped, long since Oh yes, it's his wedding tomorrow His bride is as pretty as Ni Ping (a TV star) What about you? Are you engaged yet? He's getting married tomorrow? Of course, why would I lie to you? Here, he gave me an invitation An invite to the wedding, here Chief, I've got to go Sure Give it back! What are you doing? Come over here - What's up? - Come Don't fool around! What's wrong with you? What do you want? Did Jin Xiaoyong invite you to his wedding? He didn't tell you? No, did he tell you? It's his wedding, not mine... Did he invite you or not? He did Maybe he was too busy to tell you At least you won't have to shell out for a gift! Shut up! You just sit there smoking! Get a move on! Don't you see what time is it? Time's getting on! And you? You want to smoke all 20 boxes before you move your ass? It'll take forever to get it all done Chef, what are you doing? Filling prescriptions? Look at the time! Can you get it done? Just got your jobs done! Hello? What is it? Of course! What's happening? I still think you should invite Xiao Wu A wedding is a big deal At least do it as a courtesy I know it's not really my business but I just had to say it Everyone who comes tomorrow knows what he does What do you want me to do? Remind everyone that Jin Xiaoyong... was once a pickpocket too? Is that it? Is that what you want? Let it go! The army is holding up a load of my cigarettes I need to sort that out Talk later And fifthly... Those who fail to report cases, shelter criminals... destroy criminal evidence or traffic in stolen goods... shall be investigated and prosecuted Those who threaten reporters and witnesses... will be punished in accordance with the law Those who persist in flouting national laws... will be severely punished "I stand in the mighty wind" "Wishing it could blow away my endless heartache" "I watch the clouds which span the skies" "With sword in hand, wondering who's the hero in this world" This is cheaper, but the other one's better Sounds good, doesn't it - Can we have another listen? - It's not that expensive You won't find anything with better sound quality Even it's not too pricey, but we want one with better sound Let's hear something else on it It's the best you can get at this price See for yourself, have another listen The bass isn't great - You think the bass isn't good? - Hmm... It has the best sound of any domestic-made product Great quality absolutely There was one in the mailbox at 8am And then more came at 6pm Hey, you What's up? Change these to big notes for me Are you tired of living? I told you this morning, can't you see what's going on? Are you asking to be caught? Why do it? I need the money If it's urgent, I can lend you some It makes no sense if I borrow it Why? Is your ma sick? No You need to hide out for a couple of days? No Then what's it for? Xiaoyong is getting married tomorrow, it's for him As a gift? Was it worth the risk? What notes do you want? Hundreds Here you are What is it for? Give me some red paper, to wrap it Red paper? Why are you weighing it? It's paper money, not gold One year when Xiaoyong and I had only 41 cents between us... we went on foot all the way from Fenyang to Beijing We were in a motel when I told him... that when he got married... I'd give him six kilos of money There weren't 100-yuan notes back then The biggest was a 10 You think he still needs your money? He's much better off than you now It's not about the money We are different Here... - Is it done? - Yes Go on then You're here... - Been busy? - So-so Let's talk inside, come on Can you take a look at this, boss? - You go in first - Do what you have to - What is it? - How's this deep-fried meat ball? It's okay, as long as it is deep-fried Try some, it's freshly made I just ate Try it What's this all about? I'm getting married tomorrow You didn't invite me? It won't be a big party, just family, haven't told many others Don't tell me you were too busy or just forgot... to invite me to your wedding Not many people knew It's not what you think, just a few people, mostly family You're doing it on the cheap? Mostly family Family? Since when is the police chief family? And Fatty Wu? He's family, too? You've fucking changed... Fucking changed... Stop fucking this, fucking that... Okay, okay Are you pissed-off? I pissed you off? No I'm not pissed off with you Don't say you forgot You fucking did forget I did forget It's true What's this? A gift Money? Take it back What's it for? I have to go Look at your tattoo, you fucker Dear viewers... Our famous local entrepreneur... Mr. Jin Xiaoyong will get married tomorrow On behalf of Fenyang TV's call-in program... I'd like to give Mr. Jin our most sincere congratulations Mr. Jin, tomorrow is your wedding day Many friends have called in to us... to request songs for your wedding Do you have a few words for our viewers and friends? People of Fenyang, old friends... First, I want to thank you for all the support and help over the years On this special occasion... In sincere gratitude... to supporters of our company in Fenyang... I'd like to give something back to the community Now, it's time for your calls Our first request comes from Erhu and others in the Fenyang Grain Bureau The song they've chosen for Mr. Jin is 'Raining Heart' "The lady is pretty, the lady is charming" "The lady walks in the green fields" "The ears of corn have grown" What's so funny? Nothing, go on singing I won't How come? I spent big money to hear you sing Go on No, I won't Karaoke isn't fun if you don't join in I want you to sing Big sister, play some duets This song is for two people "My feelings are like an untouchable net" "My feelings are no longer a streaming ocean" Your turn You go on Come on! Go on, sing! Grow up! You're as shy as a girl! Take the mic It's only a song, it won't kill you Come on Why aren't you singing? I can't sing - You can't do 'Raining Heart'? - No 'I Heard You Singing Once'? When was that? It's the name of a song How about... 'Tow-men in Love'? No 'Neither Rainy Nor Windy'? No Are you kidding me? I really can't Boss... Your girl is no good What's wrong? I spent 50 just to sit around? How come? In our "Great Shanghai Karaoke"... everyone has fun dancing and drinking She refuses to sing or dance That can't be right! Meimei! Our guest Xiao Wu isn't satisfied with your service I asked him to join in a song and he wouldn't I asked him to dance and he wouldn't What did I tell you? Our guest Xiao Wu is like my brother If he doesn't want to sing, you do it for him If he doesn't dance, you do it for him - How can you be so dumb? - Never mind Brother, this won't do You're my brother, I can't accept your money It's too embarrassing You don't have a smaller bill? No How about this... Meimei, take a stroll outside with your brother Cheer him up, you hear me? Go on Here's your jacket, get going, all right? Brother, get her back here before dawn What am I saying? Dawn? Get her back here before nightfall All right? Get going! Hurry up! You silly girl, get going! Go on! What a nuisance! Where are we going? I shouldn't have worn my high heels today You could go up there, that'd be even higher! You're quite stubborn, aren't you? Let's go back Okay, I can go by myself That's all I get for my 50 yuan? You're boring Didn't you tell me to go? You're the fucking boring one What isn't boring? How about this... Come with me, I need to make a phonecall Is that the paper mill? Can I speak to Chen Gailian? I'm her daughter It's a long distance call from Beijing, so please hurry From Beijing, thank you Noisy, isn't it? Ma, it's Meimei No, I'm not at school I'm with a film director Don't know yet I know I know How's everyone at home? Is my brother still getting into fights? After all, he's a worker now, he needs to grow up How's dad? Is he getting better? Tell him not to lose his temper Don't you worry Take care of yourself I know Don't worry, I'm fine No need to worry about me Okay Okay, I'll call you when I'm free Bye So this is Beijing? Who am I? I'm the film director? Miss, what would you like to do with your hair? Just a shampoo and oil treatment Miss, you have great hair Do you fancy trying a 30s look? It's called "Red Dust in the Wind" - What's that? - It's the latest thing! Forget it, just the oil treatment is fine Oil treatment it is Shit, you southerners know all the tricks Have a cigarette Everyone's into mood and taste these days - No shampoo for you, mister? - Me? No Let's put on some music to enhance the mood - Have you ever been to a salon with a girl before? - Never But you know how to please a girl What do you mean? You unplugged the guy's electricity, just like that That's easy Deep-fried dough sticks are called 'Youtiao' in Fenyang In Tianjin, they call them 'Guozi' So 'Guozi' are 'Youtiao' but they taste better Really? Pretty? Not bad Actually, you're more interesting than I thought I'm ordinary It's getting dark I must go back So that's all? Time's up, no more entertainment So I spent 50 on your phone call and hair-do? You had nowhere else to go, that's not my fault I'm going back to the karaoke bar Come and see me there sometime What are you doing here? Nothing, officer, just passing the time Passing the time? Show me what's in the bag Come on, open it Fuck! Did you betray me? Aren't you going to check the guns? I trust you "Each day, I wander" "Wander with no regard for day or night" "How I long for some companionship" "To keep my heart from drifting" Give it back! Come here Are you fucking crazy? Just having fun, no meaning Let's go play mahjong Not interested What's wrong? I can' fool around with you? No, fuck it, you can't You bloody idiot! Fine! I want to stand on the seashore, I'd like to see the sky again The sound of the waves is so wonderful Okay, pack your things first I'll be back soon I'll wait for you You had the chance to leave Why didn't you go? Why? "My feelings are like an untouchable net" "My feelings are no longer a streaming ocean" "In these long, rainy days ..." "why do I keep thinking about you?" Boss? Boss? Boss? Who is it? You're too early, we're not open yet - Spending my money here is no good? - Not at all Hurry up! Get ready! Who'd you like to see today? A Sichuan girl or a Guizhou girl? Today, I want a Beijing girl - Beijing? So you want me to keep you company? - Sure! Come on, be serious Where's Hu Meimei? Meimei? You have a thing for her That's right She's sick, not in today - Sick? - Uh-huh She must've been dancing too much Listen... We have other girls here I'll get you another one You're playing me Don't just stand there You have work to do, clean up this mess She really is sick? Yes, I wouldn't lie to you Where does she live? I'll go see her Why not, if you want to... Meimei, you're lucky to have a day off work Lucky? I feel like I'm dying Can you stay with me? It's nothing serious Drink some hot water and you'll be fine - Is there any hot water? - We haven't boiled it yet Meimei, we're going now Bye-bye I'm off. Bye-bye I'm going, too. Bye-bye Did you find it? Yes, I did Good Santu! Over here Fuck, you're smart! Learning to socialize... and pick up girls! And you're not even shaving yet! Give me some face, okay? You'll do Run along Who is it? Me Why are you here? To see if your boss lied to me You shouldn't be here, the landlady doesn't allow visitors You said to come when I had time, and I'm free today You're crazy So you really are sick? Why would I pretend? What's the problem? Stomachache That's no big deal Have a smoke, that'll help No You want to see a doctor? No Can I get you some medicine? No, but you could pour me some hot water What's your name? Seriously? Liang Xiao Wu I was just kidding How could I forget? You went to the hair salon with me Are you all right? Yeah I wish I had a hot-water bag Stay right there What's up? I need a hot-water bag It's on the house, take it - I won't stay, then - Bye - Are they really demolishing it? - Yes I'll come and lend a hand Don't worry about it Thank you, I'm much better now You're welcome Take a seat Your family must own a coalmine You seem to be rolling in money I'm just a craftsman... living on my skills You don't look like one I earn my living with my hands It's not easy to be a craftsman Some run karaoke bars Some wholesale cigarettes This is all I can do You really can't sing? No, I can't Then why do you keep coming? - Do you like hearing me sing? - Yes, I do I do like singing You know... People often say that I look like a star But I know very well... that I'll never be a star Sing me a song What do you like to listen to? Your favorite song - I like Faye Wang's songs - Okay Then I'll sing one Go ahead Don't laugh at me I won't "Why is my sky always weeping?" "Why is my sky always so gray?" "Drifting on the other side of the world" "Letting loneliness invade me" "Over and over again" "The sky, filled with longing" "Is your sky hung with clouds?" "Does your sky have a cold moon?" "Exiled to the other side of the world" "Letting loneliness invade me" "Night by night" "Sky... filled with ..." How about you sing me a song, too? - I really can't - Just one song Close your eyes, then "My feelings are like an untouchable net" "My feelings are no longer a streaming ocean" "In these long, rainy days ..." "Why do I keep thinking about you?" "I miss you ..." "I'll miss you one last time" "My feelings are like an untouchable net" "My feelings are no longer a streaming ocean" "In these long, rainy days ..." "Why do I keep thinking about you?" "My feelings are like the rain in June ..." Xiao Wu... - Why didn't you knock? - In a joint like this? Why are you here? Xiaoyong wants me to give this back to you What did he say? He says your money isn't clean, he can't accept it We're all friends, hope you understand Go back and tell him these exact words... He gets money by smuggling tobacco and ripping off bar girls That's not clean, either Sure, I'll pass that on I'll be going Get out! On my way It's okay Sing your song Be nice to me, will you? All right - I'll be counting on you - Fine Will you be my man? - Sure - Really? Yeah Promise? Promise Xiao Wu! You again! Xiaoyong says to tell you... He's not smuggling cigarettes, that's regular trade And he's not ripping off the singers in the karaoke bars That's just the entertainment business. That's it Get lost! Sure, I'm off... Bye-bye What's wrong? What's wrong? It's okay I'm fine From now on I'll come by to see you every day No need for that, just buy a pager I'll page you whenever I'm free, okay? Okay "Can't shake my thoughts about being in love" "Can't stop thinking about anger and hate" "All generations are fated" "We shed the same blood" "We drink the same water" "It's a long road, stretching far" "Each red flower has its own green leaf" "But who will be my life's companion?" "So distantly remote, coming and going" "Days gone by return to haunt me" "A lotus root may snap, but its thread holds" "The world keeps changing, and I can only sigh" Is it for your fianc?e? No need to check, it beeps when someone pages you Your play, come on Well, brother, look at you today! I look okay? Better than that, you look great! As if you're just back from America You must be doing well! Not bad Thanks for the smoke Big sister, how's business? We get by Not like you! Always making easy money, aren't you? You've made all this money... But you still smoke Hong Ta Shan? You should switch to imported ones You can afford it, brother Is Meimei here? Not here today Where is she? She's out on a job I'll wait for her then Sorry, no Not today, not possible See, she won't be back soon Where has she gone? There were some clients from outside From where? They picked her up by car Where are they from? Taiyuan From Taiyuan? Yes, from Taiyuan Why did you let her go? You knew I was coming today You should have come earlier It's not my job to watch her for you You're so fucking ungrateful Watch what you say, you You don't own her What are you to her? What is she to you? You swagger in with your dirty money, like you own the place! Hu Meimei Who's looking for Hu Meimei? Oh, it's you Is she back yet? She moved out She really did move out Someone came in a car this morning... and helped with her stuff Where the hell did she go? No idea She didn't even tell the boss It must be somewhere great Ma, I have something for you You brought me a gift? It's a ring You must be tricking me Let me see it I got it for Ma, not you Your old man can look at whatever he wants We've been peasants for three generations I can't tell if it's gold or copper It's gold, I wouldn't give my ma a copper ring What's the occasion? Why do a pig's head? Our sister-in-law is coming tomorrow You call her that even though they aren't married yet - Don't be an idiot - Like you're any better, loser I am a loser "Oh, papa" "My sweet papa" "Oh, mama" "My beloved mama" "Poison!" "You... What do you think you're doing?" - Dad, are my brother and his fianc?e back? - Yes, they are And Cui Xian and the kid? They'll be here in a minute Xiao Wu, when did you get here? Last night Did you hear that Zheng Gangtie was arrested? No, I didn't That's what I heard Nonsense, I played mahjong with him a couple of days ago Since you're all here, there's something I want to discuss Your brother's fianc?e... is a city girl Her family is well off Ours is not I've talked with your ma about the money And I want to talk with you about this too I want each of you boys to make a contribution of 5,000 yuan What do you think? Let's discuss it later Xiao Wu, I hear that Xiaoyong got married? Yes Who's the bride? I don't know I'm waiting to hear what you think Let's discuss it later Xiao Wu, when did you get a pager? Let me see it Let me see it You're the eldest, say something Where will I find 5,000? I haven't paid the road tax on my tractor yet Xiao Wu, what do you say? I'm broke, I'll do what brother does So what do you think? Let's come back to it later, there's no rush Sister... - You're back - Yes Sanduo, you don't need your ma to carry you Come here, greet your uncle There you go, greet your uncle Say 'uncle' You don't want to? You forgot your uncle? I gotta go Is your brother here? Yes, he's inside Uncle, you're here Would you like some water? No, I've had some I was looking for Erbao Dad, I saw the fields have been ploughed I did it twice, yesterday and the day before It's done I thought you must've been busy I wanted to come and help I planned to come yesterday But my tractor was held up in Xiaoyi I know you're quite busy So I thought I'd do it myself... rather than to wait for you when it's getting so hot Did you plough all the fields? Yes, they're all done What are you going to plant this year? We're planting maize and sorghum There's been plenty of rain this year How about millet? Sure We'll grow more millet, for sure Millet fetches a good price There's been plenty of rain this year I do plan to grow more millet Right, this area is great for millet What else can we grow here? It's harder to husk sorghum and corn The market for millet is strong And there's hay, good for feeding livestock Get up! Give us a hand We only just came back Had a good snooze Dad, have a smoke Brother, here you are Xiao Wu, try one What kind of cigarette is this? - It's Marlboro - Marlboro? How much is one pack? - 12 yuan, they're American - 12? That's as much as a whole carton of Princess brand! How can it be worth that much? Is it some special tobacco? No, this is the cheapest brand in America That's how much it costs Erbao and his wife work for the state They drink coffee and eat cakes all the time Imported cigarettes are no big deal for them Sister, you're wrong, money's hard to come by in the city too - I didn't mean it, sorry - Never mind Enough talk, is the food ready? Let's eat Wait, it's still cooking It'll be done very soon Erbao, when did you buy the ring? How could I afford it? It was a gift from her ma Can I take a look? How much did it cost? It's an imitation, 18k gold-plated Ma, where's your ring? I've put it away Show me Wasn't it a gift to me? Yes, I gave it to you But not so you could give it to someone else I haven't given it to anyone Then what ring is my brother's fianc?e wearing? I've been in here, how should I know? Show me the ring anyway Are you forcing me? - No, I'm not - I should have never raised a black sheep like you Do you know how I earned the money? Show me the ring You want it back? I don't have it Show it to me You want to destroy this family? Both family and state have rules How did I raise such a disobedient kid? I should've drowned you in urine at birth! I'll kill you with a rolling pin Do you know who you are? You're the son of Liang Changyou! If you're not my son, get the hell out and stay out! You unfilial son... I won't come back! Don't! I'll never come back! Never ever! Zhang Wenhuai reporting for Shanxi Radio With a brand new look to welcome the return of Hong Kong... the 15th Party Congress has concluded successfully Xinzhou Prefectural Administrative Office has decided to prioritize the building of urban culture The policy will be promoted widely Anyone who wants a slice of pork, please come to my house Demolish You're moving out? Moving out? Been here for ten years, but now they say it has to go What the hell! If the old doesn't go, the new won't come One thing's for sure The old is going... but where is the new? Come help! Stop the thief! Dandan... Where's your granddad? Stand up Properly! Why are causing trouble again? Empty your pockets! Quick! Quick! Stand still! What is this? Look at yourself! Sit! Is this yours? Where did you get it? Bought it You'd better tell me Stay there! All your things are in here We'll come back to it later I'll count your money Watch! 110 yuan Sign here Sign here Dandan, play with your aunt, Granddad is busy You're like a one-man crime wave We've caught you so many times! You're incorrigible! I think we need to throw the book at you this time Think about it! Let me check my pager No, you can't. Sit back down Zhao, here's that information Good, give me a moment Get up! Stand straight! Over here Stand here and think it all through Stand properly Watch TV if you like But think about your problems You're a repeat offender Watch TV, I'll be back to deal with you Promote corporate culture Showcase the Hongxing spirit Hongxing State-owned Commercial Trading Company... extends its sincerest greetings to all our friends Looking for refreshment? Golden Monkey is here to help Golden Monkey's leather shoes for men and women... will always be loyal friends to your feet In tonight's news... Our city has held a party-building workshop The construction-site meeting for Fenyang Township Justice Office was held in Chengzi Town Please stay tuned for more details Come on, the car is waiting outside How did you end up here again? You idiot Have you been dropping IDs into our mailbox? Yes Sit down When were you last arrested? I think it was 1993 94, 95, 96, 97, so it's been 4 years Chief, can I have a look at my pager? Pager? You got yourself a pager? It's locked in that drawer What does it say? It's the weather forecast, "Sunny, turning cloudy" Thanks to the crack-down campaign... a number of offenders have been arrested Yesterday, the police arrested the recidivist Liang Xiao Wu This news has been welcomed by the public Our reporter is on site Yesterday, the police arrested the recidivist Liang Xiao Wu What do you think about the arrest? It's a good thing, he's a law-breaker Everyone thinks his arrest is a good thing The recidivist Liang Xiao Wu was caught yesterday How do you feel about it? A black sheep like him deserves to be caught Chief, I didn't see you yesterday A friend had his 40th birthday, I drank a bit too much You should drink less, alcohol is bad for you What does it say? A Miss Hu paged Wishing you all the best "I stand in the mighty wind" "Wishing it could blow away my endless heartache" "I watch the clouds which span the skies" "With sword in hand, wondering who's the hero in this world" Stop here Wait for me, I'll be back