Today's your last exercise before graduation Say there are 6 thugs in the room You each get an air pistol with a single color bullet Overpower them in the shortest time possible Wish you could break the police record Where are they? Run! Quick! After him! 40159 calling Headquarters Charge! No way out. See if there's a back door Okay Over here A friend! Who are you? - What now? - Couldn't care less, run! Don't take it so seriously I wanted to break the record! Sorry - Have you seen Chi? - No - Halt! - Not friends! Although I'm only a lowly sergeant you shouldn't treat me like dirt I've been 20 years in the force I held a gun before you were born I've gone through a great deal You learned theories in a police training school It's different from real life Despite the little accident we all survived the exercise. Remember... There's still a lot to learn to be a real cop This is only the beginning, understand? Yes, sir Come to my home to eat today Are you going? Yes - Are you going? - Yes, yes - Come on, have some soup - I'll help myself, madam Sorry I didn't show up last week because I went with Chi to see Sister Liza It's OK I cooked your favorite soup today - before inviting you to come - Look, she adores you Have another bowl Nothing special - For you - Thank you This soup aids digestion. Have two more bowls Yes, let her drink it alone We watch You didn't drink but criticize people for drinking Your mom likes girls but you're a boy - Checkmate - Checkmate? Scholar to defend 10 Checkmate. You lost! Sorry, forget it, I didn't notice it No regrets! You father son are impossible I'll get you some fruits This way You can't move this way Of course, it's OK, I'll move this way - No - Yes Yes... Chi, happy birthday. It's for you It's beautiful! You're nice to know your own birthday If you took it for your birthday too - we could celebrate it on the same day - Good Make a wish What wish have you made? To have a brother like you No I know orphans like us can't have brothers I want to be your brother forever Look, my birthday present from Chien How do you know her star is Scorpion? Why not? Oh, no, today's your birthday too! I forgot to buy a present one other day Forget it I don't even know who my parents are Don't say that. We must be cheerful - Let's go to see a show - What kind of a show? It's up to you Have you got today's paper? Yes, in my room. Go and have a look Go and have a look Don't move, police! Drop your gun! Against the wall! Come on! Don't move! Chien Damn, what a tough kid! Are you all right? Call an ambulance! Chien, how do you feel? Nothing serious - It hurts... - Are you okay? What hurts? - Here... - Okay, it won't hurt anymore. I tell you, if I die you'll be widow. Disgusting, mind your words. Ming, how's everything? I've got news! Should be in this vicinity Lei Sheri, how's it going? He's got away! I suspect that Thai woman's death is linked to the international sex syndicate It's a large organization which brings by hook or by crook girls from the world to Hong Kong to sell their bodies Involved are murder, illegal detention faking documents, swindling and prostitution Unfortunately, they had fled before we rushed to the screen each time Inspector Cheng I smelt rot in the police force Who could it be? My hunches only Chi, you must be too tired As you're getting married soon why not take a leave to plan your marriage? Let me have someone else take over the case Inspector Cheng Chi, it's fixed Bring Chien out sometime with you for a gathering Alright. Happy birthday! Happy birthday! Let everybody be happy! My wishes to you for a long and happy union! Where have you copied this? I should thank you. But I won't marry you if I don't catch the thief. There are robbery happened everyday. Like what you say, when will it be finished? I have a feeling that the case will soon be solved. I promise I will marry you within this year. You always say you have such feeling. Mum and dad say we should emigrate to Canada when we are married Chi never changes since she was a child Being her husband just like being her boss Equally difficult No, being her boss is more difficult Man got to have your quality Could he be promoted to Sergeant within 5 years What? It's you who have given up Why do you have to join the internal investigations? Right, you should investigate me How about now? - Happy Birthday - Thank you Chien, you've transferred to internal investigations for almost a year How do you feel? Great, it's challenging Many people feels that we are investigating them And see us as enemy What we protect is the credit of the Police Force Are we having any kind of pressure? Man should have confidence If you believe it's right, then don't care about the pressure We have already suspected this guy There are lots of information for you to see Yes sir I haven't contacted Lei Shen for a long time He's experienced, he is a good colleague Owing to the case of Lei Shen We have set up a special unit Chi being the boss of Lei Shen So I want Chi join us and help the investigation No problem, Chi, you help Chien Until the case is closed or you have other assignment Yes sir What do you want to say? Shen is our senior Right, so what? We got full evidence before we start to investigate him I feel that it's hard to do I understand But police is a disciplinary unit We are responsible to protect the credit of Police I don't believe Lei Shen will do anything illegal It's not a question of believing only He's suspected to be linked to the international sex syndicate That killer you caught is related to it too and he got away from Lei Shen's clutches Could it be a coincidence only? Stop guessing In a word, we mean to help him not to hurt him It will be peace if our enquiries show he's not linked to it "inspector K. Chau" What? To investigate me who has just left hospital? No, Lei Shen, keep cool I only want to clarify a few points Please co-operate I've been in the police force for over 20 years Why aren't you concerned about my safety and the paltry pay I receive? I'm going to ask you that The house in which you live costs $3 million Your wife has recently bought jewelry worth $1 million And you spent up to $200,000 to finance your brother-in-law's studies overseas How did you get all this money? My wife is rich, okay? Our data show that she gets no income nor legacy. How do you explain that? Besides, you've been mixing with this man He's linked to an international sex syndicate There's nothing unusual for a policeman to do that Lei Shen are you satisfied with this explanation yourself? Please co-operate I don't care to explain Arrest me if you prefer Darling Why are you so beautifully dressed? What's wrong? I've had money to spend on it! Never mind if you don't care to see it I've always told you not to swagger They're investigating me because you spent so much on jewelry How we're finished! How do I know? Be nice and all my money is yours to spend If I discover any irregularities about you You'll suffer Come in Sir, the photos we got from the sex syndicate Have a look - You go out first - Yes Mind your hand, it's dangerous The tip-off is most accurate The girls gave us the tips because they're dissatisfied with their boss's exploitation The statements show Lei Shen plays a minor role only There's someone behind the outfit He's only a sergeant he can't cover up such a large outfit Never thought Lei Shen would do that Nor did I Lei Shen wouldn't co-operate with us That puts us on a tight spot Scorpion has an instinct That is, to endure long in the sand before emerging to catch its prey. It means... Okay, I'll go make breakfast Inspector Cheng Let me introduce, Mr. Hu, Hua - Mr Hu - Go Hua's an outstanding figure in the force Find a territory for him to help out Good, a fighting young man has a good future Besides, he was recommended by Inspector Cheng Thank you, Mr. Hu Many cops earned extra money from you these days Inspector Cheng, you really are okay Thank you. I'm a Socialist We share anything, right? You really have a good sense of humor I've had no appetite even for sharks' fin Why? Your colleagues have been going against me Soon my territories will be finished! Mr. Hu, they belong to Internal Investigations Not under me Well, you've said it If you can't control them, I'll act by myself Having moved around all these years, I'm sure I can cope with these two fellows easily Madam, this is Ming I have some tips. Come out first Same old place Don't! Are you sure it's the place? It's our usual meeting place Ming?- - Are you all right? - Yes How did you know we'd be here? I got news someone would ambush here Maybe Hu meant to warn you That strengthens my desire to smash his joints Listen, we've already got enough evidence Co-operate or you'll end up the wrong way Have you thought it over? I've wasted too much breath, Fix her Mrs. Lei we suspect Lei Shen's linked to a sex syndicate You keep several bank accounts don't you? Is that illegal? You keep much money in each account and there have been large deposits and withdrawals up to a million Please explain that Even a small flat costs over $2 million What's so special about that? Are you going to buy houses in Switzerland too? You have a numbered account in Switzerland Who gave you all this money? Since it's a numbered account I can't tell you Mrs. Lei, you'd better co-operate with us You'll be prosecuted for being accessary after fact Good, now listen I got the money by being a whore I came upon a rich client and he kept depositing money into my accounts, okay? Yes Lei Shen, it's good of you to take your leave now Inspector Cheng, you sure I'll be all right? Sure Stop your wife from talking nonsense No matter how they investigate you'll be OK. At worst you get demoted With several million, you'll be free from want for the rest of your life Women mean trouble! Had she not swaggered we wouldn't have come to this Come on, have a cigarette A woman can't resist the temptation of spending Be nice to her and you'll be all right Halt! Where have you been? Where have you been? Hear me? Stop yelling after a few drinks! Are you going to tell me or not? I was taking a walk, okay? You lie! Damn it, I'll beat you up! Come on, kill me! I don't care to live anyway! Why should I go into prostitution? I wouldn't have married you if you hadn't promised to finance my brother's studies You're lucky to have married me Let's part if you're dissatisfied with me When asked about my bank accounts I'd say they're yours and see which of us will suffer About my wife's bank accounts let me tell you they were not opened for me but for another man He's the shark you're after Lei Shen, where are you? I'll come right away We must hit his vital part I meant to make him spit out the truth You do the recording to expose him Do I know him or not? You'll know in a minute Lei Shen, keep cool and wait for my arrival Bye-bye Was it from Lei Shen? No, from my friend He wants to see me on business Let me accompany you No, I can cope You change and go to work Inspector Cheng, sorry for calling you at this hour I want to talk to you on urgent business Let's meet at the dam in two hours That's fixed Hui, I heard Lei Shen call Chien Lei Shen, are you all right? Lei Shen Why have you brought a gang over here? You made a mess. Now even the killer has fled You didn't even tell me about your interview with Lei Shen How did you know it? I got news the killer would appear Where did you get it? Is it necessary to tell you about it? - It's very important - Glad you understand I want to know why you were with him there What did Lei Shen tell you? Why didn't you tell me? - You... - Sorry, Inspector Chou I promised Lei Shen to keep it secret And Lei Shen got killed without having said anything I wanted to catch the killer to flush out the instigator Now Lei Shen's dead, you can say anything Don't be so unreasonable What do you mean? We're sidekicks and we're getting married soon Why did you hide that from me? You know the motto in the police force A top secret should be hidden even from one's spouse Good, forget it then Now tell me... I'm also police I must abide by the rules too Yes OK, where are you now? Wait there I'll come right away to arrange your departure from HK Inspector Cheng, sorry Never mind. You did me a big favor killing Lei Shen Take this money Someone in the Philippines will meet you on arrival Thank you Fooling me? Damn it! What's wrong? Chi, why are you depressed? Men are doomed to be alone Men are so difficult to understand How's it between you and Chien? I don't feel liking saying it Remember you used to tell me everything when we were young? I never keep anything from Chien but he's hiding something from me Is it linked to Lei Shen? Chi We seized a mini recorder from Lei Shen And... Before his death, he came to see me drunk He made a scene, saying his wife got a beau He wouldn't expose him, but said we all know him He never said it's linked to Lei Shen's wife He? Who? Never mind Don't hide it from me Chi, you always told me your problems Maybe I'm suspicious No point telling it before the truth is out Chi's getting more and more cranky Thank you. She's been staring at you like a scorpion Wonder what's on her mind Has she got something to tell you? No idea. I don't know what's on her mind She doesn't know what's on my mind either If this goes on, we may end up parting Why don't you have a chat with her? Once revealed things get meaningless You're her best friend What did she tell you? I don't know how to put it either Just come to the point Some things are hard to explain We both are orphans You with parents won't understand - ls there really something serious? - No I heard of "birds of the same feather" when I was a child I didn't understand it nor did I know what I wanted Now grown, I feel it makes sense People of the same kind do go together What were you trying to say? Nothing, Wish everything was all right But you never can tell about people One thing I can assure you is I never betray a friend Excuse me Chien, get some food for Chi No, I can help myself Have you been under much strain recently? No You look so depressed I thought you were tired Our application for emigration to Canada has been approved We can leave any time We're waiting for your wedding party Mom, I wanted to get married but Chi has been too busy What did you say? I never say 'no', but is this the appropriate time now? Lei Shen's dead and the killer is still at large Just say so if you don't want to marry - It's OK - I never said that! - You mean exactly that - Quiet, quiet! The marriage can wait, there's no hurry Mrs. Lei, Lei Shen's dead The one who bought a killer meant to destroy the evidence Lei Shen called me before his death saying your accounts are for a man and the man is the one we're after for sure Seek him out if you're capable I know nothing Why cover up the man who killed your husband? Is Inspector Chou back or not? Not necessary The Thai you want is over there Sir, I know nothing Why did you flee then? All know you're the President of the Thai Association We're looking for a Thai named Barlit A killer from Thailand He killed several men You must know a man of his background That's fatal for me I daren't say even if I know it Besides, he moves mysteriously Where can I find him? If you see him, just tell him Both the police and the underworld are after him He can never get away! There may be a chance if he co-operates - Let's go - Go I want to have a word with you No time, some other day Why have you been hiding from me? Who's hiding? What for? It's better to hide to save our relationship Save? I don't care for such a relationship Good. Come right outwith it and you'll feel better What are you planning to do? It was Lei Shen's wife How long would you hide if I didn't see it yesterday? Why did you follow me? Why did you date Lei Shen's wife? Why did you follow me? Why did you lie? Why seek an excuse to part with me? Excuse? Why did Lei Shen want to see you? So you're linked to his wife. I see Crazy, you suspect me having an affair with Lei Shen's wife What about you? What about me? Excuse me 1613, call back, Code 97 Good Tell him I'll come right away You come to me only because you're desperate If I don't care for you, you'll be finished Killing you is pointless Someone may kill me then He's the one who instigated me to kill Lei Shen Who's he? If you guarantee my safe departure from Hong Kong I'll tell you To ask for mitigation is all I can do for you Well, forget it Wait, I promise you that Who's that man? So it's you You know everything. Too late? Why did you do that? Why ruin yourself and your future? I do have a good future Why do you always poke into my affairs? What have you got to take away Chi? Doing that is unworthy of a friend! Listen, Chi and I were brought up together You don't understand her at all You can't satisfy her I'm not afraid, you can't find anything about me Keep away, Chi! Where's Chien? In the operation room Madam, Madam - Chien - Madam, keep cool - Chien - Madam, don't act on impulse - Chien - Chi, Chi Why? Why? Auntie, Chien's things are all packed up We plan to go to Canada early Our relatives there can take care of us Okay, it's not a bad idea Chien's not here Don't hesitate to ask if you need any help I'm now most worried about Chi Formerly Chien, Chi and you were a good trio Take more care of Chi from now on Don't worry, I will Inspector Cheng, I paid you so much each year not for the sake of getting your men to harass us And that female acted like a mad dog She ruined my deals and took away my men Help me finish her off I'll settle it in 3 days, Mr. Hu Remember, you'll suffer too if I'm in trouble Madam a bevy of Thai girls are landing in Hong Kong On the Pi Ho Bay - Get in - Yes Hua Sorry, I've to do it or I'll be finished Tramp, trying to trap me? You'll see who I am today Stay where you are! - Well, dump her to the sea! - Yes Run quick! Cheng Hui? What are you doing? Chi, are you all right? Chi, wake up! Don't worry, the ambulance is coming Never knew Hua was such a bad guy You can never tell. Chien is corrupt He kills and has an affair with Lei Shen's wife You shouldn't be so reckless with Hua That won't help Chien either Chi, listen forget the past Don't keep it in your mind It's the future that counts So you're that man Lei Shen's wife wouldn't expose And you're the killer of Lei Shen too And you killed Barlit to frame Chien then killed Chien too Right? - Yes - Why did you do that? Because of you - Nonsense! - I'm serious! We were happy together but Chien took you away Chi those with parents are different from us You're mad! I am not He's got everything I only want someone I love, that's not too much Isn't it too much for me to love you? Don't find yourself an excuse I didn't, I did everything for you Chien made me do it He took away my lover! Chi, it's all over Let's start anew No, not for this life What? Stop dreaming! Well, shoot and kill me Shoot and kill me! If you kill me I'll seek you in a next life Chi, even you look down on me! Speak UP I'm busy Lei Shen's dead. What are you busy about now? Don't you know Cheng Hui's been using you? He killed Lei Shen and you still cover him up? I don't understand what you're talking about You think Cheng Hui's true to you? What he's after is money only We're both his pawns He knows human frailties He kicks the ladder after climbing up on it Is this worth your while? No, he won't forsake me! Don't deceive yourself He killed many including Lei Shen You'll be involved if he gets into trouble You can't clean yourself then Don't scare me. He'll take me away He told me last night he won't because he never loves you Impossible he couldn't be with you last night For the sake of Lei Shen and yourself help the police and bring him to justice Enough, I won't trust you! No more illusion You know too much He won't let you go. He'll kill you! Enough, I won't trust you! You'll only ruin yourself You know too much about him he won't let you go! You lie, he'll take me away! - Mrs. Lei - I don't believe it! Mrs. Lei, be a witness for the police Cheng Hui will take me away! I don't trust you. Go away! - Madam - Wake up! - Chi, are you all right? - Madam Madam, are you okay? - Madam - Chi, are you all right? Madam, are you all right? Where's Inspector Cheng? Where's he? Madam, we only saw you and the deceased here Cheng Hui has killed! He killed this woman! Cheng Hui killed this woman! Cheng Hui is a killer! Cheng Hui really is a killer! What did you say? You must be joking Cheng Hui's the most brilliant officer He's going to receive a medal of the highest honor for a bravery How could he kill a woman? I saw it with my own eyes! You saw him fire with your own eyes? He strangled my neck from behind I couldn't see him, I couldn't see him fire but I'm sure it was Cheng Hui He fired and I felt it Can you prosecute someone for killing with intuition only? I know Chou Chien's death has been a big blow to Inspector An She complained to me for not having done my best You all know we three were best friends I believe she doesn't mean to frame me She might be insane due to the big shock I'm not insane! Inspector An, keep cool Why don't you believe me? He did kill that woman! He did it to destroy the evidence She knew many of his secrets Inspector An, as a police officer you know anything must be backed by evidence According to the report from analysis the bullet that killed Lin Feng-chih didn't come from Inspector Cheng's gun According to the witness's statement Cheng Hui was drinking with 2 policemen They are his subordinates They're taking his side! Well, Inspector An without any proof We can never accept the accusation against Chen Hui for internal investigations - He really did kill! - Inspector An He's a murderer! - Madam, keep cool - Come down quick! Madam, cool off... - Cool off - Tell her to go out He's a murderer! He's a murderer! Now let me make a test for you What's the painting? A scorpion A scorpion A scorpion A scorpion Chi, I'm going to meet the new HK Governor I wanted to share some happy days with you Why are you so stupid? Why wouldn't you let me be a normal man? I'm leaving. Think it over When you come to my way of thinking, I may let you out Chi I love you! More people have come nearly 2,000 Some came with children to witness the inauguration It's believed to be the last inauguration for a new governor before 1997 What happened? My gun has been taken away! During 20-minutes inauguration besides the guard of honor of the Armed Forces a senior representative from the police will also be reviewed