SHAW BROTHERS PRESENT THE MIRROR AND THE LICHEE Subtitles Realized By : Willy38 - ASIAMANIA Full moon at the lantern festival The streets of Chaozhou are bustling Lanterns are raised The city is enjoying the festivities The golden dragon leads the way Lion dance is in progress Folklore characters on parade Some are interested in pretty faces A scholar from afar has other things in mind He pays no attention to women But is interested in lantern riddles This is Master Chen This is Master Lu Sir You are so talented You know all the answers You flatter me I'm not worthy of the reward You're too modest This is a small token to liven things up Please accept it You're too kind Please come this way Please I'm most grateful for your kindness I'm staying with a friend I'll be leaving in a few days That's such a shame You're too kind Sir Miss Huang is here Excuse me Go ahead Uncle Lu What is it Wu Niang? Uncle Lu! What is it, Yi Chun? Someone... ... is after us what? That's him! Go inside! Come back! Master Lin This is my house, not a brothel Mind your manners! Who are you? I'm Lu Mr. Lu This is my house, how can you... Miss! What do you want? Mr. Lin I beg your pardon Who is the lady? She's my friend's daughter I see Look at my robe! You burnt it with firecrackers Serves you right for getting fresh! Getting fresh... Miss Huang's beauty and talent is known throughout Chaozhou Your reputation is well justified Well justified You're shameless! Miss What do you want? If you take liberties here You know I will... Miss, my name is Lin Da Xiong Nice to meet you My family held office for generations My father is the inspector of Shanxi We are the largest of the landowners And the richest family in Chaozhou I'm a candidate at the military examination If you agree, I'll present betrothal gifts If I remember correctly You're already married You're such a fool Having more than one wife is nothing... besides For the Huangs to become our in-laws It may not promote their social status But Master Lin is humbling himself Miss Huang will benefit... Shut up! You come from an esteemed family How can you take such liberties with the ladies? You're quite rude for someone so elegant looking Who are you? Chen Bo Qing from Quanzhou Chen Bo Qing? Who the hell is Chen Bo Qing? Look at you You're nothing but a lowly scholar You're asking for trouble You should check around Master Lin is not be trifled with He is my guest Please mind your manners Who the hell is he? How dare he be rude to Master Lin He is... Tell me Or else don't blame me! Master Chen is actually Miss Huang's fiance What? Something is fishy We've been engaged at a young age You may ask Wu Niang It's the truth If you don't mind I'll treat you to a drink No thanks Watch your step! He uses his power to bully people He's a shame to Chaozhou Are you alright, Wu Niang? I'm fine This is Master Chen Luckily he came to your rescue You should thank him Sorry I lied about our engagement I'm most grateful to you I'm glad you're not upset What a waste! That bastard is loathsome Something is not right What do you mean? They were... Sir That old fool was hesitant Didn't you see? Well? I think their engagement is a lie You're quite right Take it easy for now Let me check If it's not true We'll send betrothal gifts Yes! Why not? A girl must marry on coming of age Please sit down Besides Master Lin is offering 1000 taels of gold He's treating your daughter like a lady You're quite right Master, we can't accept the proposal Don't be so short-sighted Master Lin is a handsome fellow He's rich and powerful He's a good match for your daughter Just the betrothal gift alone Who else can offer this much? That's not it. My daughter has been... Don't mention that Please tell Master Lin I have agreed We're from a well born family as well about my daughter... I understand Don't worry We'll go through the proper rituals And send the bridal palanquin Good... It's settled Yes! I won't agree to this Miss... Your father has accepted 1000 taels of gold as the betrothal gift It's useless to worry What can I do? You should discuss with your mother Yes Yi Chun Look Is that Master Chen? Looks like him! He must be looking for you Why? He doesn't know we live here He can ask his way He must be on his way to the west lake and passed by our house He chose to take shelter across from us? Yi Chun Yes? Give him an umbrella I will Master Chen It's really you Incidentally I saw you from upstairs Is that your mistress? I bet this is not a coincidence You're mocking me! Here! This is from our mistress Thank you so much Where do you live? I'm... Who is that? I don't know You have such a kind heart Uncle Li! Young Master Why are you out in the rain? I don't care Young Master Look at this umbrella! Master! It's nice, huh? Did you buy it? No You found it? You're excited No I was on my way to the West Lake I was caught in the rain I ran into a lady while taking shelter She gave me the umbrella You don't have to get so excited It's worth nothing, but means a lot Even if it's pouring I won't get wet The lady who gave me this is from a distinguished family Who is it? On the night of the lantern festival I met Huang Bi Jun at Master Lu's The one you talked about yesterday? Yes Huang... what's the name? Huang Bi Jun! What a coincidence! A Miss Huang from the western part of the city There's a pair of stone lions outside her door Stone lions? Stone lions! The Huangs? What are you thinking? I'm thinking When your father was alive You were engaged to a Miss Huang from the western part of the city That's right! Your mother told me When they exchanged the betrothal gift We offered a precious mirror In return The Huangs sent a coral tree Yes! The coral tree is indeed at home What if Miss Huang is my fiancee? Master, then what will you do? Well? When the engagement was agreed Your father still held office Now that he's dead You have not made contact The connection died with your father As for the engagement It may not be The world is full of snobbery It's hard to say Now that you have brought this up I must find out if she's the one What if they renege? What will you do? I'll sue them Don't be silly They're rich and powerful Before you file your complaint You'll be beaten up first Forget about it! Mirror polish! Do you need to polish mirrors? You know how? Yes! You really know how? Of course! Come in! What's wrong with you? Stop staring! Follow me! Put it down! Wait here! I'll get the mirror This is the backyard Stay where you are Yes... You have the mirror Is this your mistress' mirror? It's mine! Do mine first I'll get hers Talking to me? Want me to go upstairs? I'm telling you to work on the mirror And don't roam around Hey! I'm here to... Are you Yi Chun? You are... I'm Chen Bo Qing Master Chen! Why are you... I'm here for... What's wrong with you? Stop chatting Don't pay attention to him I asked him to polish the mirror Do you want me to polish a mirror? No! Yi Chun, the mistress is looking for you Run along! You're dishonest! Me? Miss This is the one! You're bad Miss Be careful! I will Take your time, I'll get you some tea Miss The mirror inlaid with jade I've seen it as a child It's now a part of her vanity and linked to my fate The mirror remains while things have changed I'm not who I used to be Bringing up the engagement will be hard After I polish the mirror I'll have to leave I won't get to see the fair lady or talk to her I came in disguise I would have wasted my effort I'll break the mirror and see what will happen Here's your tea! You're supposed to polish the mirror how could you break it? This is ridiculous! The mirror was a part of the family hairloom How can you pay for it? Sir How could you entrust such a precious mirror to someone like him? It's not my fault It's Yi Chun... Did you bring out the mirror? I did Sister! I caught you! What are you doing here? Wu Niang Why are you hiding in there? Father Who wanted the mirror to be polished? I told Yi Chun to bring out the mirror Really... The mirror is broken You 2 brats go back to the study I don't care who brought it out You break it, you pay for it I'm broke I can never pay for that mirror I broke the mirror Please forgive me Forgive you? Not so easy? If you don't pay for it I'll send you to jail I don't have any money That won't do any good Get my name card Father, the mirror is broken Sending him to jail is useless Even if I don't I can't spare him I'll work for you And pay for the mirror Work as a servant? Yes... Look at you... You can't do any chores If I let you stay I'd be wasting food instead No... What? I can cook and clean I can also read and write Really? Yes Alright The mirror was a valuable heirloom You'll sell yourself as a page boy for 3 years! Agree? I agree Chen Bo Qing serves in the study as a page boy He prepares the ink and pen and continues his studies Outrageous! You have no respect Rotten wood is useless A wall of dung cannot be soiled What? Who taught you that? Sir My glasses! This is outrageous! Such moral degeneration! What does that mean? You're hopeless! Why didn't you practice calligraphy? Chen San This is for the teacher Who is this for? For the old master Chen San I thought this was for him No, I saved them for you Save them for yourself What's with you? I'm doing this for you Look what are you doing? You're both hopeless Simply hopeless! Master Meng Yi Chun What are you doing here? Master Meng is gone Yi Chun, fetch Chen San Yes Chun Tao Leave those for me! It's alright. I have nothing else to do Where should I put them? Give them to me Chen San What is it? Sit down The 2 youg masters have driven Master Meng away There's no one in the study That's even better Let's sit down and have a chat Sit down! Have some tea What are you looking at? Is that for Huang Gui? No way! He's not worthy What do you think? It's nice The design, handiwork and colors are nice You're making fun of me No, I'm not Really? Of course Are you lying? Why should I! It's not for me! Guess who this is for? For the Master? The old geezer? It's for the mistress She has no use for it I don't know You look so smart But you're foolish I know... Who? Master Meng It's for you Oh, for me How nice of you! Do you like it? Of course You can have it when it's done Chun Tao Huang Gui mentioned 2 mistresses I have only seen one That's Wu Niang. The other is San Niang. She's married Wu Niang Wu Niang What is it? Nothing! I'm just thinking Let me tell you Wu Niang is engaged You might as well forget it That's not what I mean What do you mean? This is not the study What are you doing here? Don't get me wrong You should know better Go to the study, the master is looking for you Chen San Let him be Let's talk What about? This is not the living room What are you doing here? Miss I have good news What is it? The young masters have driven away Master Meng Why is it good news? I'm not finished Master Chen... Say no more Fine! I won't say a word Alright! I'll tell you Master Chen is a learned scholar Your father... I don't want to hear it What a waste of time I got excited over nothing! Yi Chun What about my father? I thought you don't want to hear it Just tell me Now you want to know? Forget it then! Alright! I'll tell you Your father appointed Master Chen as the new tutor The new tutor? Xiao Liu, give it back! You're the tutor now But you don't look it How should I look? Tutors wear glasses You need glasses to look like a tutor What's wrong? I can't see! Get back to your studies Her chamber is far from here I'll send a message with the drawing I need a messenger I'll have to count on the boys A drawing of flowers and a pair of lovebirds There must be a hidden meaning I'll send him lychees I send her a drawing She sends me lychees A pair of lovebirds in exchange for joint branches Chen San Call him master Why aren't you eating? No! I can't! This is for worship I can't eat them! Chen San Let them eat it I have more No... Great No, you can't! Let them eat yours I brought this for you I knew you'd be here, Chun Tao What's the matter? What is it? This is the study, not the kitchen What are you doing here? That's none of your business Come back! Chun Tao! Go study! Chun Tao, come back! Damn! Chun Tao Master Lin You 2 are perfect for each other Have a seat, Master Lin Is Master Huang home? He's away When? 2 days ago I want to see Madam Huang Have a seat Be studious and diligent Have a sense of shame Discipline yourself And you can rule Chen San What is it? Come take a look! At what? Come on! What is it? Please tell Master Lin We'll have to wait for Master Huang Madam Your husband agreed to the marriage And accepted the gift If Master Lin had not been sick He would have married your daughter But... Do not hesitate Let's do it No! It can't be done! It's already settled Your daughter is getting married What's the problem? My husband is away I can't make decisions We must wait for him It's just the same How can that be? He's the head of the family It is out of my hands When will Master Huang be back? In 2 weeks I'll send for you Okay... I better go, Madam Sir... Oh no! What is it? The tutor has fainted Chen San! His longing for her Makes him pine away in bed Chun Tao sends him medicinal bowl Bo Qing reveals his love to Wu Niang Chun Tao I'm actually engaged to your mistress My name is Chen Bo Qing Really? When Chun Tao heard the news She left in a hurry and told Yi Chun Wu Niang was shocked by the news Is he really... Yes and he's ill You should go see him Yi Chun He's resting in his room I can't go to him A broken heart needs a special remedy But none is available You should go see him! The young lady is reluctant The little matchmakers are anxious Secretely they discuss among themselves And come up with a plan Go on! Don't worry! We'll stand watch! Go on! Go on! Miss What are you doing here? Yi Chun is busy I brought you water You shouldn't have If my mother finds out... I better go Wait! Put the water down Miss Not on the floor! Miss Since I saw you I have been suffering Now that I can see you again I dare not ask for such and honor When you came to my house I thought it was due to our chance encounter I didn't realize we're engaged Now I know the truth I'm glad we can meet and we can talk In front of me You don't have to be modest I heard you'll be getting married I feel terrible I wish you would reject me So I can give up hope Don't blame me I didn't want to break the engagement It was my father's idea I must obey him Meeting you that day is breaking my heart now We can never be married we'll have to count on the next life Miss You better go! San Lang! San Lang! San Lang! You come from an esteemed family with looks and talents You're beautiful as a phoenix I'm ugly like a crow One should choose what's best for them The betrothal gift is quite substential My dear lady As long as you're happy I will not hold a grudge San Lang... I blame my fate for being unable to marry you I will never marry to pay back this moment San Lang... Forget me and find someone else Goodbye Master Chen, please leave Madam is coming San Lang! Hurry, Master Chen If Madam finds out We'll be in trouble Madam Chen San, how dare you... Mother... Madam You seem polite and decent You should know better and mind your manners How can you come here? Madam, I... Mother, he's... He's what? He's Chen Bo Qinq from Quanzhou Master Chen? Are you related to Chen Zai the former magistrate of Chaoyang? He's my late father How big is your family? 7 of us Which 7? My mother, my brother and his wife 2 sisters and myself And who else? You mentioned 6, who else is there? It's 7 counting you How can you include me? We are engaged I must count you in I'm telling the truth I know The night of the Lantern Festival we had a joke... Sometimes jokes may come true I hope so But I'm afraid Afraid of what Uncle Lu promised us he'll speak to my father But my father... Well... What? We were engaged while we were young We have exchanged gifts What you gave us was that mirror You gave us a coral tree That's right You have broken the mirror Mirrors cannot be mended No! I fixed it I'll get the coral tree Then your father cannot renege Yes! The sooner the better I'll go pack now And leave at dawn Take care of yourself San Lang San Lang I don't know what to say This jade pendant is a proof of my love Please hurry back And remember our vow The 5th day next month is a lucky day Okay 5th day next month? Yes The 5th day is lucky Best for marriage, travel assuming office and birth Prosperous day for fortune It's the most auspicious day Very well No! What? Of course it is! We have checked the almanac The almanac cannot be wrong That's not what I mean I'm saying it's too soon We don't have time to prepare Why not? Money is the essence It can take care of everything Don't worry I'll handle it Yes! Why are we rushing? We better wait What do you know? A day like this is rare Tell Master Lin we'll proceed as planned Very well. It's settled! Bye Yes! Please! I'm trying to tell you... What? To put it bluntly This is a private matter You don't have to worry If you wish Drop by and have a drink We'll be honored, otherwise... Master Lu is... Madam, we are old family friends Since your husband prefers the rich And breaks the engagement I will not get involved anymore Do what is best for you! Goodbye! Uncle Lu Mother, I'll never marry Wu Niang, what did you say? One must be faithful I will not marry someone else I'm engaged to Chen Bo Qing I'm part of his family I will not marry Lin Da Xiong This is outrageous! Mother! You're still wet behind the ears Yet you dared to disobey me I'm telling you You have no choice - Miss... - Wu Niang... - Miss... - Wu Niang... The bridal palanquin has arrived San Lang has not returned I bid farewell to you I cannot carry out my filial duty Madam! It's time for the mistress to leave Please change and get ready No! Goodbye, Mother Wu Niang Miss! Miss... - Miss... - Wu Niang... Stop him! What are you doing? What's going on? Do you want to go to jail? San Lang What are you doing? Miss... Wu Niang... That's ours I'm glad you recognize it You're Chen Zai's... Of course I am Chen Bo Qing But... San Lang! Master Lin, I'm afraid... Don't listen to him This coral tree was stolen from my house I have reported to the authorities Lin Da Xiong Just because you're rich and powerful Doesn't mean you came frame me Listen This is the proof of my engagement You can't trump up charges against me If I say it's stolen, it must be stolen You're caught red handed, don't bother to deny Guards! Yes! Take him to the magistrate! Go! Master Lin, you can't... Wu Niang San Lang - Miss... - Wu Niang... Mother Miss Miss Don't cry over him You should know The magistrate is my father's pupil I can get him arrested I can also get him out You're a bully Wu Niang! I'll do anything for you! Besides... Setting him free is no big deal As long as you agree Everything can be taken care of It's true, Wu Niang If you don't want Chen San to suffer Father Wu Niang Lin Da Xiong, you used your power to bully a helpless girl like me It's nothing to be proud of Even if I marry you, I won't do it willingly What is this? I'm not bullying anyone I paid you 1000 taels of gold as the official betrothal gift Shut up! Master Lin! Wu Niang It's too late now Only you can save Chen San Fine! I'll marry you Good! It's settled Don't change your mind I want to see Chen San Alright, but you must tell him you don't want to marry him Make him give up, or else... What? Nothing If he doesn't give up, I'll kill him You! Wu Niang Handcuffs and chains came off Chen San was set free He thought his name was cleared and came to see the fair lady Wu Niang! I'm free We can get married You're so quiet! Wu Niang I... You... Master Chen You should go home What? Go back to Quanzhou What do you mean? Don't you want to be my wife? That was before Things are different now You... My father accepted Lin Da Xiong's money I must marry him No one can change that Please go back to Quanzhou Concentrate on your studies If you want to marry the rich You must feel nothing for me When I took shelter from the rain Why did you give me the umbrella? I do good deads all the time I make donations Giving you an umbrella is nothing You're not the only one If you want to marry the rich You must feel nothing for me The other day in the study Why send me the lychees? Our backyards are full of lychees We always distribute them among the servants and maids You're not the only one The umbrella and lychees mean nothing You're lying You sent me to get the coral tree Is that a joke too? It was an excuse to send you away I was hoping you'll never come back then I'll be rid of you If that was an excuse What about the jade pendant? You said it was proof of your love Did you lie about that too? You're a poor scholar I don't want you to die away from home You can sell the pendant And buy food when you're hungry Are you telling the truth now? Yes! The absolute truth? Yes! I thought you are devoted But I have no use for a useless fellow like you San Lang I may be poor but I won't die from hunger I dare not accept this pendant Please take it back! I'll never forget your kindness San Lang! What else do you want to say? I... San Lang Master Chen San Lang San Lang Master Chen Good! Well done! Get lost! What's with you? Go away! What is it, Miss? Tell him to leave! Very well! I'll leave Yi Chun, watch over her! Wu Niang is forced to leave her love Heart broken He may be alive but he's sick Your medication is ready Drink up Uncle Li Nothing can cure me now Young Master My sickness comes from injustice Unless justice is served Even with the best medicine I will not get well Wu Niang sent the umbrella I mistook that for love A sudden storm has broken the engagement My dream will not be fulfilled Perhaps it's in my fate Master... Uncle Li You... Uncle Li Take care of yourself Return the umbrella Give it back to Wu Niang Tell her... Don't feel bad Take care of yourself I will, go on! I'll go now Take the medicine before it gets cold Master Chen is still here? How is he? He's suffering from depression A broken heart is hard to cure Well... He wants me to return the umbrella So he can rest his mind - Miss - Wu Niang Watch your step Yes Master Lin Where's the Master and Madam? Inside! I'll announce you Don't bother! Tell them Master Lin will come for your mistress tomorrow The bridal palanquin will be here in the morning If you make things hard for me I won't go easy on you either Wu Niang, don't be foolish You must think of me Mother! Madam, Miss Can I say something? What is it? Rather than sending her to Lin Da Xiong why not... let her run away? Run away? Where can she go? Before Master Chen goes home go to Uncle Li and find Master Chen Yi Chun is right But the wedding is tomorrow What can you do? Don't worry I'll take care of it He can't do anything to me Mother... Yi Chun, go with your mistress Take good care of her Chun Tao Sir Why are you lurking around? I am not! Madam wants me to turn down your bed Run along Chun Tao How is the mistress? She has been crying all day She's feeling better now Run along Well? Master has gone inside Let me go check Mother It's comfortable staying at home But not when you're away You must be careful I will The light is out Come downstairs if all is quiet Look at you What are you doing in the rain? is everything alright? Yes! She's asleep That child You should go to bed We have a busy day tomorrow Having a wedding in the rain is such a drag Chun Tao, you may go to bed You should get some sleep You should sleep early There's nothing you can do about this rain Get in Who is it? What is it? Who's there? Why don't you go to sleep? Someone is out there What? Who's there? It's me It's pouring What are you doing out there? Because it's pouring I want to check the door Such a good girl Alright! Get to bed Wu Niang escapes in th night Searching for the poor scholar When Chen San saw her He forgot about his illness They were overcome with emotions They have so much to say They have so much to talk about The night is gone and it'll soon be day The lovers' dream has come true Together they return to Quanzhou Together they've kept their oath THE END