Thai Dub Added By : carmee Love is bitter and lovers suffer Tears of the broken hearted As deep as my love is My woe is also great Our love is predestined Our hearts are forever bound Though our love is deep rooted The reality becomes so harsh that... the flower of love eventually withers Among a sea of strangers How blessed for me to have you in my life! Alas, a love that ended in pain What a destiny! What a life! Who can understand my sorrowful heart If I have no yearning for life ...whyever should I love If I do have a desire to live ...then why is my love deserted Who can I talk to? If I do have a desire to live... Then why is my love deserted Who can I tell? Great, bravo... Very good... "Lovers Destiny-Chen Feng-Xi" Let's go... Fengshian, just go and sing! Let's begin To be at your side I'll follow To love you dearly I'm so grateful Blessed is me to have you with me Time stands still when we are in each other's arms Tears flow at the time when we have to depart This way please... Please... The distance between us... Please take a seat Drink, Sir? Anything is fine Sure Hold on Why is it that just now when I came in ...all other customers ran away? It'd be so irritating to her All because we've hired a no-name singer A loving eye contains so much to convey The passing time carries so much thought Even the Heavens will envy our love A heartbreak for the innocent lover A tiring heart... She sings pretty well That's the only reason why we hired her But those bosses... They all left without even listening If you could kindly give her this 1 0 dollar tip for me Tears dwelling in my eyes They fall onto the ground of woe Woeful is me when love is away Who gave this to her? Ten dollars? From whom? Tears dwelling in my eyes It has fallen onto the ground of woe Woe-begone is me when away from my beloved Good, good... Thank you, thanks so much Now my sister will perform the "Lethal Knife" If she performs well, please tip us more If she doesn't perform well, please bear with us Good... Thank you, thanks so much Thank you Thank you Thank you What a pity! A girl as charming as you ...has to perform on the street Come Take them all...arrest them Don't move Officer, take it easy Let's talk like a gentleman This is none of your business Don't move Don't move Guards Yes sir Take them Yes Take them all Yes, get up Listen Yes Charge them all Yes Hold on Officer, maybe there is some misunderstanding here What? Who are you? You should know better But I'm the Police Chief Yes This area is under my control Yes Damn kid, maybe you've lived long enough No...no... -Come -Yes Lock him up Yes You... What do you do? I'm a college student What's your name? My last name is Fan The same word for trouble No, not that word Then it must be the same word for rice Where do you live? No. 1, Dongping Street No. 1, Dongping Street? Then...who is the Deputy Chief to you? He is my cousin Cousin Salute Asshole You are so rude to the cousin of the Deputy Chief Bloody how dare you! Apologize to Mr. Fan immediately Yes When you see the Deputy Chief... please remember to put in a good word for me I'm sorry, I'm sorry You all good for nothing, get out Yes...yes... Salute... Salute, salute... Mr. Fan, cheers Cheers I'm Guan Shaofeng, she's my sister, Xiuzhu Nice meeting you They are all my friends, my brothers We are all poor people Mr. Fan, if it's not for you We'll be in big trouble Those people are really nasty In a troubled time like this, a man as good as you ...is really rare to come by I admire you a lot Brother Guan, let us be friends Very good That's more than I can hope for Come on, a toast Here Done Sister, have a drink with Mr. Fan I... You sure can drink So you are shy Brother... Young Master Young Master is back Cousin Where's sister-in-law? She is getting dressed Coming, coming...I was getting dressed We are waiting for you to dine outside What? Dine outside That's right, the daughter of the Treasurer ...has invited us to dinner Sister-in-law Nice fragrance! Lishia, let me introduce... this is Fan Jiashu The cousin that I've mentioned a lot This is Miss He Lishia Hello, Miss He Mr. Fan, let's have dinner together I'm very sorry, Miss He I'm supposed to see a friend tonight Never mind then. Some other time I'm sorry Lishia, maybe he's the first guy... who has rejected your invitation, right? Well, everything has its first time Good, good... Mr. Fan Have a seat. Get someone here Coming What will you drink? Anything will do Get Mr. Fan a pot of Shoumei tea Mr. Fan, you're so early I'm pretty free today I know you're here to see Fengshian By the way, when is her turn? Since no one enjoys her show... the boss doesn't want her here You may go and meet her She lives at No. 1 2, Xinglong Street No. 1 2, Xinglong Street? That's right! What are you doing here? I... Aren't you Mr. Fan? The one who... gave ten dollar tips to Fengshian Come inside and have a seat I... Don't be shy... We are so honored Sister What's up? Fengshian Look who's here Mr. Fan, please Okay Watch out, Mr. Fan Are you okay? Mr. Fan, let me dry it for you It's okay, I can do it myself Have some tea, Mr. Fan Thank you How do you know we live here? I was at the restaurant today Miss Yueqing told me ...that you folks lived here How come Fengshian doesn't have to sing today? She is not famous, you see So she's paid by the day She stays home when there's no job Sister, Mr. Fan has come all the way to see us We should get some good stuff to treat him Don't worry about that, I've had my meal Quick Have a seat, Mr. Fan Sure Fengshian, show Mr. Fan around I'll make some tea Please help yourself This way please A very nice place It's an ancestral place Quite worn out now So you've got a lot of books Those are my dad's books Have you studied? My dad died early, and no one else taught me Although my uncle had studied too But he wanders around all day long ...with nothing better to do We live in poverty I guess you have noticed that By the way, thanks for your generosity the other day It's nothing, don't mention it You don't look like a local here I'm from Hangzhou Hangzhou? My father has a business in Hangzhou I came here for the university You're a student? I'd like to study too But... It's not a problem if you want to study I have connection with a lot of schools If you desire to study... I can help you enroll tomorrow itself Really? Stop dreaming now Mr. Fan, I'll be frank with you Our whole family depends on Fengshian ...to make a living by singing If she goes to study... then we will have no income at all Mrs. Chen, if you don't mind I think...I can still afford ...to pay for your family's living expenses If Miss Chen really wants to study... Mr. Fan, I think that's not very appropriate Please don't get me wrong Honestly, I don't have any ulterior motive If at any time you don't want her to study ...she can always quit school Mom, please accept it Mr. Fan We really don't know how to thank you Don't mention it, Mrs. Chen Miss Chen Tomorrow I will go to the Mingde Girl's School ...to process your enrollment Miss Guan Mr. Fan You... I'm here to see a friend Do you live around here? Yes, not too far; around the corner there For whom did you get this medicine? My brother is sick Please come in Madam Xiuzhu Please Miss Guan, where is the medicine? It's here Please come up Please Mr. Fan Mr. Fan Brother....brother For the past few days he's been sort of in a daze He has a high fever He has to be taken to hospital at once! Hospital? The enteric fever has been spreading fast lately It's very dangerous How much? Twelve dollars Brother, are you okay? How is my brother? He's okay, he just needs some rest Miss Guan Yes? Don't you worry too much What your brother has got is enteric fever The doctor said he's out of danger now I've paid for all of the expenses here This is the receipt Mr. Fan, we... This is nothing, don't mention it I'll come to see him tomorrow Goodbye Xiuzhu Don't get up Get a chair for Mr. Fan It's okay, Miss Guan We have to How are you? Are you getting any better? Yes, I'm better now Please have a seat, Mr. Fan Thank you You look much better now Xiuzhu told me that you have paid ...for everything here, is that true? It's really nothing, don't worry about it But to us, it's a lot of money I don't even know when I can repay you As long as you take me as your friend ...the money is no big deal To be honest with you I can never be able to repay you They say true goodness calls for no thanks At last I have a friend as good as you Xiuzhu, remember this We owe Mr. Fan a lot By the way, I've some money here Please buy some nutritious food for your recovery No, we can't take that Since we are friends, why worry about the money I owe you so much, how can that be? Thank you Brother Guan, you're very forthright Oh right, I have to go now I'll see you some other day The scenery here is so pretty I often come here by myself to take a walk Getting used to school life yet? Yes, I've always looked forward to study Will your family blame you if they find out that ...you've spent so much money on us I've written to my mom about this long ago She said I've done the right thing I mean...what about the others? The others? Who? I mean your other family members Ever since my father passed away ...it's just been me and my mom Just you two? Do you like that? But now, we've got one more person What? One more? A female I'm not so concerned about her But my mom likes her a lot And since my mom is so lonely So I brought her into our house Fengshian, do you know who she is? I don't know She's the adopted daughter of my mom What? Adopted daughter of your mom? My adopted sister So you're still single You want me to be married? You're teasing me Fengshian If there really is love at first sight I guess...that's how I feel for you ...when I first saw you on the stage Mr. Fan, it's all because of you ...that I could gain some courage Come, a toast A toast My brother talks so loud Talking is just like drinking, all in one gulp Nothing more Or should I give you to him as repayment of debt I'm not talking to you By the way I'll check to see if the soup is ready Mr. Fan, please help yourself Sure, sure... Mr. Fan, what do you think of my sister? Miss Guan is such a charming girl And she is pretty good in martial art A girl as nice as her is rare these days I'm a straightforward person And I know it's the same for you I want to ask you something Yes, please Are you married? No That's good I would like to have a word with you Either it's a yes, or it's okay to say no Sure I'll marry my sister to you, how's that? Beg your pardon? I said I'll marry my sister to you, how's that? I'm very sorry, Brother Guan I'm already seeing someone Maybe you know this lady too She lives around here...Chen Fengshian Xiuzhu Miss Guan Xiuzhu Xiuzhu Silly girl, why are you crying? We should be frank to each other And what is done is done We can't ask him to dump Miss Chen for you How silly of you! Miss Guan I'm very sorry She'll be okay, she's just a little girl But for all the kindness that we owe you ...I don't know when I can repay you Young Master Jiashu, how come you're back so late Lishia is having a birthday party tonight And she's waiting for you, you... Stop nagging and go to change quickly She's already called for you 1 8 times Daughter of the Poland Ambassador Thank you Professor Yu Miss He Professor Yu, thanks for coming I came right after I got off from class I'm sorry, I have a friend here I need to go too, goodbye Mr. and Mrs. Tao, how come you are here so late? Please Mr. Fan, thanks for coming Mr. Fan, what do you like to drink? Anything is fine Now she cares only for Jiashu Hey, don't tease me Come, have some wine What would you have? Deputy Chief How are you? Mr. Treasurer He, how do you do? Papa, allow me to introduce This is Fan Jiashu How are you, Mr. He? He's the one that you've mentioned a lot Right? Is he your cousin? He is from Hangzhou He came here for the university A nice young chap Thank you If you really find him as a nice man Then let him take care of your Lishia, how's that? Very good. Come, I've got some guests over there... Come... Sister-in-law Mr. Fan, let's go to that side Sure This is a very nice place Have a drink Sure Miss He, can I have a dance with you? I'm sorry, I have a friend here Let's have the next dance, shall we? Sure Miss He, you're so popular I guess the most popular girl in the city ...is me, most likely I don't know why I have so many boyfriends This music is good Yes, very nice Why don't you go dancing with them You don't know how to dance? I do But I won't dance with just anybody Generalissimo is here Salute At ease Generalissimo, what wind brings you here? Wind? I took the train The Generalissimo has just got off from the train He asked for a good place to enjoy the night I know your daughter is having a ball here So... An honour indeed...Generalissimo, please Where's your daughter? Lishia Lishia, come here This is the Generalissimo Generalissimo Very beautiful, extremely beautiful She is so beautiful How did you manage to get such a beautiful daughter What were you guys playing just now? Go on, don't stop Go on, I want to join in too Music Give me my gun Yes Shut up How noisy! I don't know dancing Generalissimo, it's you who asked them to go on It's me? Yes Okay, okay, go on! Let's start! Sure Miss He, I don't know how to dance But I can sit with you Sit please What are you staring at, go dancing Dance Miss He, your dress is so pretty What is that? Miss He, can I have a dance with you? Generalissimo, this is the home of The Treasurer Inviting a lady to dance is a manner of the west Plus there are so many government officials here I'll get you... seven or eight chicks to play with You're smart Let's go Yes Go Mr. Fan, thank you so much You're welcome Miss He, haven't you promised ...to dance with me? Are you busy with your study lately? Not really Every time I call you ...you're not home I have something to do What is that? It's something personal I've heard that you're dating a singer How come you know everything? I've also heard that... all the boys in the city want to date you Because your family is rich And you're beautiful and clever Whatever you want You'll get it for sure, right? Not really! Not really? Let's say, I want you Then...take me as your only exception! Fan Jiashu, can you tell me Why am l... not as good as that singer? It's hard to say But that's what love is There's no reason for it; and it can't be imposed I guess that's called destiny! Telegram for Mr. Fan Thanks Young Master, your telegram "Mom is sick, return to Hangzhou at once" Is Hangzhou far away? Not really...just a few days by train Fengshian, take my word. Don't be too upset Once my mom has recovered, I'll return at once Maybe I'm too happy now It's like dreaming. I'm afraid that... I'll wake up from this dream once you left And I can never see you again Fengshian, I've a ring here If you think I'm the man... that you're looking for in your life; Then please accept it When I return from Hangzhou ...we'll get married at once You don't mind about my low status at all? The sea may dry up and the stone may fall apart But as long as Chen Fengshian is in this world ...I will be with her forever Mr. Fan Trust me Thoughts of him linger on Ties of friendship estranged Night has become so lonely that... I sleep only to see him in dreams I've been missing him night and day Constantly pining for him Our love grows amid the distance in between Our thoughts are together amid the hardship faced The sparrow comes and goes The tide rises and falls It's spring again With flowers blossoming again Nature has come to a full circle With another year going on to the next The day of your return is not yet seen A lover's away can nowhere be seen With tears in dream I asked for your return May the stars lead your way back to me With tears in dream I asked for your return May the stars lead your way back to me Master, come here Gusheng, how are you? Good Have a seat... Sure Have a drink I haven't seen you for a long time, doing good? It's all because of Yueqing Yueqing? Yueqing is now the fourth mistress of Officer Sheng Thanks to her, as her master, I'm now the Adjutant Adjutant? Your niece Fengshian is very beautiful, right? The Generalissimo is looking for a mistress I should have thought about Fengshian Chen Fengshian is really an attractive girl That's true! If so... That's my good chance for getting a promotion Think of a way Of showing her to the Generalissimo That's easy How are you, Mrs. Chen How do you do? Our Miss Yueqing Would like to invite Miss Fengshian to her house Fengshian, then you should go Please Please... Get the tea This way, please Have a seat Sit! Sit! Fengshian, you're here How come it took so long Get the tea, quickly Sister Yueqing Thank you Why are you standing, have a seat Generalissimo Generalissimo Generalissimo, let me introduce to you This is the cousin of Yueqing Good, very pretty If she's not pretty... I won't dare to introduce her to you Sister Yueqing, l... Address the Generalissimo, quick! Generalissimo Miss Chen, our Generalissimo is so nice that... whoever comes in, ain't willing to leave this place Adjutant Ding Yes Get the sweets ready for Miss Chen Yes I'm sorry, Sir I really have to go, mom is waiting for me And I need to go to school tomorrow Go to school? What for? Me, I've never attended any school If they don't treat you well over there I'll close it at once Fengshian, don't be shy The Generalissimo is a very good man Vice Chairman Yes Generalissimo I'm in a very good mood today I'd like to play mahjong Yes That's a good idea, me and Yueqing, Miss Chen And Generalissimo, we have enough people Sister Yueqing, I don't know how to play mahjong Don't worry, I'll help you Come, just play Adjutant Ding Yes Shuffle the tiles for her Yes Vice Chairman Yes Help her Yes Generalissimo, it's your turn Tell me, how should I do this? You should discard Three Circle Three Circle Pong I've got two Three Circle here, how can you pong? My mistake So if you don't pong, Miss Chen will take the hand Eight Bamboo Officer Sheng, it's your turn This... Adjutant Ding Yes Take a look at this And tell me which should I discard Yes Officer, for what you have... You should discard Five Circle So I'll discard it! Pong Red Dragon Hold on Vice Chairman Tell me if I should pong Sure Look carefully, or you've had it You should pong...yes, pong Then what should I discard? Six Circle Yes, Six Circle Pong White Dragon Adjutant Ding Yes Which one should I get rid of? I've studied it carefully Among them all You should discard Seven Circle Seven Circle? I don't have that Then play Two Character! What about you? For me I'll play Seven Character Generalissimo, I don't have Seven Circle Isn't Seven Character all the same? That's right... Miss Chen pong Pong Isn't this one Seven Character? Never mind, they are all the same I'm the one to decide the law here My word is the law Adjutant Ding Yes Put up a notice tomorrow, from now on... Seven Character and Seven Circle are all the same Yes Pay up, pay up... What is this? You know nothing about mahjong How can you win so much money? A moderate family can live on it for a few years I know! They are so strange I'm scared This isn't right! Fengshian, it rings a bell These people are so nasty They can do the most horrible thing Don't see them anymore Try to return all this money to them Fengshian What did he say in the letter? He said he has told his mom... about our marriage And his mom has agreed to that Thank God Did he write when will he return? In these few days Is it him? Miss Chen, the Generalissimo has a gift for you This is the best pearl necklace in town The Generalissimo would like you to accept it There is also a car out there waiting for you Please go get dressed at once I'm sorry, but we are nothing to the Generalissimo How can we bother him like that? All these expensive gifts We dare not to accept The money that Fengshian won last time Please also return it to them Listen Send the men... to close down their home Execute the mother and daughter Go now Yes Why all this hassle... for just a girl? Generalissimo If you do want to punish her I have a suggestion Anybody here? All dead or what? Sir, what do you want? I'm here for the census Is there a singer here ...whose name is Chen Fengshian? No, she has quit singing for a long time Now she is a student Bullshit, the census reports her as a singer Then she is a singer There's a party tonight in the Generalissimo house Get dressed at once and come with me No... No, Fengshian hasn't sung for a long time Master, please Get someone else! How dare you say no? Come Yes Execute the old hag outside Mom... No Mom Hold on Fengshian, get dressed at once! Go, hurry up What happened? Please Generalissimo, Miss Chen is here Come, come... What an honor! Miss Chen! Generalissimo, Miss Chen has come Don't be mad at her anymore Come, come... Come Sit, sit... Please have a seat Sit next to the Generalissimo Generalissimo, she's such a charming lass You should introduce her! That's right!...go ahead... I almost forgot, let me introduce to you This is Second Mistress This is Third Mistress This is Fourth Mistress Hello This is the Fifth Mistress My first wife has been executed a few days ago And this is Miss Chen Fengshian She could be your Sixth Mistress Congratulations... Generalissimo, a toast to you... Miss Chen, Generalissimo has been so mad ...about your refusal to the pearl necklace I think you should drink with him ...as an apology No, no... Come on... I'm here to sing, not to drink Bullshit...something's wrong with my wine? Come Yes Execute her Yes No, no... She is not complaining about the wine But that she has never had any If it's a matter of drinking Then...I'll drink it for her! Who are you? I'm her uncle Go to hell I'm her uncle You asshole! Kill him first! Generalissimo, let him go, l... You don't want him to die You're pretty kind-hearted I have an idea Adjutant Ding Yes Listen, starting from here Everyone has to convince Miss Chen to drink a glass Those who fail have to be executed Generalissimo, maybe I can help you to shoot Go back to where you are Go back Yes You'll be the next one You drink or not? Fengshian...please drink it! I really have never had wine before You drink it Adjutant Ding Yes Fengshian... Next The Generalissimo is calling on you, go Miss Chen, please drink... Adjutant Ding Yes Heaven and earth, gods and goddesses I have an eighty year old mother And five beautiful wives plus ten daughters If I die They will all hang themselves Can you sacrifice so many lives ...just for a glass of wine? Mom! It's my fault that you have to hang yourself Dad! Our family line is now broken Okay, okay, I'll drink Good Next No matter who you will execute ...I will not drink What a character! So you won't drink anymore Over my dead body Adjutant Ding Yes Get her mom here Yes If she doesn't finish this bottle I'll kill her mom before her very eyes Generalissimo, you can't do that No matter what, her mom is your mother-in-law Miss Chen, in order to save your mom Just finish this bottle of wine What are you doing? What are you doing? You want to die I'm telling you, without my order You can't even die I'm warning you As long as I want to sleep with you You can't die Otherwise I'll kill your mom first I'm turn on again Cousin, Sister-in-law Is aunt getting any better? Yes, she is...Thanks Leave it to me I'll give it to a friend later on Who is this for? For Fengshian Maybe you can drop that idea She is now the Sixth Mistress of the Generalissimo If you don't believe that Come with us and you'll know Today is the birthday of the Generalissimo Deputy Chief Mr. Treasurer It's been quite a while. How are you? Good, thanks You look good today Where's your daughter? She's over there Generalissimo is here Excuse me Have a seat Today is the birthday of the Generalissimo And the first time that all of you... can meet with his new wife Please applause Are you happy? Quiet You don't like applause? No? Go on...go on... Listen, if any of you... can make my beloved laugh; I'll make him a General General... Anyone? Me What? Do you both know each other? No How can Mrs. Generalissimo know about me? Then...make her laugh! Yes Mrs. Generalissimo, now you have glamorous dresses Precious food And all the wealth that you could have wanted Of course you are very happy But you know what? There is a lady who looks just like you She is so vain that she has forgotten her love And the oath she made by the lakeside A lustful woman that will fall for something new Who is she that you're talking about? I'm referring to my fiancee A heartless woman A shameful woman that will go with just any man What are you doing? I asked you to cheer her up And you've made her cry Don't you want to live? Generalissimo, you're mistaken Just like me when I've mistaken my fiancee She is actually laughing Why did you say she is crying? Is she laughing now? Yes, she is now at the top of the world How can she not laugh? She spits blood Fengshian has vomited blood Come Yes Take him out to execute Yes Hold on Lishia Generalissimo, if you kill him just like that You might be acting too rash! Your wife spits blood out of weakness Just now we've all heard him He didn't say anything offensive to your wife Just now, you have also seen your wife laughing Was she laughing just now? Was madam laughing just now? Yes... She's laughing, she's laughing What's more, if you can actually release him Then the whole world will realize that... you're a just man with a sense of integrity Then they will come to respect you more Is that true? Yes, yes Okay, let him go Yes How is she? She hasn't yet come around Get the doctor Yes Don't just stand there, give a hand Step back... Miss He, thank you so much Do you realize ...how danger your action is? You could be executed together with me Why are you doing this? I don't know Anyway, whatever I did for you ...is something silly that carries no reason at all Mr. Fan, now you know all about... that has happened to Miss Fengshian Damn, what kind of a world is this Miss Guan, all I want is to see her just for once Stop it, madam You damn girl... Stop beating her... I'm so mad at her... Give way... Calm down... Don't stop me. She needs a good beating I've tried so hard with all my connections ...to get her a job at the Generalissimo House This damn girl has the guts to say no Can you imagine how mad I am? Generalissimo She looks a lot better today She'll recover soon Look at her, she doesn't look good at all I've brought her all these treasures She don't even look at them I got them all for you You really have no interest in them? How dare you! If it was someone else... I would have killed her long ago What's there to see, get out... Get lost at once Generalissimo, didn't you mention about ...getting someone to take care of madam? That's right Very good What do you think of this maid? Miss Chen What? You know each other? She used to live in our neighborhood See, she speaks You're good Vice Officer Yes I'll keep her no matter how much she costs Generalissimo What's up? An urgent call from the North They want you up there at once What rubbish! I've tried so hard to make my baby speak again Now they want me to go North? Just inform them I'm busy Generalissimo, the situation there is critical I think it's better for you to call them in person You all good-for-nothing Miss Guan, how did you get in? I am here as a maid How is my mother? She's keeping well. She is staying with Mr. Fan Miss Chen, Mr. Fan asks for your forgiveness He's actually right, I'm a cheap woman already How can I face up to him? Please tell Mr. Fan that, After my mother passes away ...I'll repay him with my life Mr. Fan is very sorry for what happened that night He said, if he can see you... and apologize to you in person; Then he can die in peace I know You love Mr. Fan very much Don't you want to see him? Of all the days... why it has to be today to go astray? You're all good-for-nothing Adjutant Ding Yes Go to the train station at once Order the train not to leave It has to delay for half an hour for me Yes Baby, I need to go North I'll see what I can find there And I'll get a train load of stuffs for you But, don't you try to see a man while I'm away This is a good chance I'll inform Mr. Fan at once ...to wait for you at the pavilion No Miss Chen, even if it's just for one word Still you should go to see him ...to settle the matter Fengshian, I've wronged you You can blame me for all you want No, I'm at fault for letting you down It's me that has let you down No, you did nothing wrong Let us flee and leave here No I'm no longer someone you met before How can I flee with you? I'm just here to return you the ring I've hurt you in this life Fengshian, think carefully You can't waste your whole life with him No, I will find my death Then why don't you come with me And leave this place once and for all Fengshian Fengshian You're being forced into this situation Do you still remember... That I have my oath for you, I said The sea may dry up and the stone may fall apart But we have to stay together forever Fengshian, I love you I love you even more than ever Jiashu Since the devil is not around Let's leave here immediately You go back to pack and inform Xiuzhu I'll inform your mother and Brother Guan Tonight at eight o'clock We'll wait for you at the back door Sixth madam, you're back Madam Madam Madam Madam Where did you go? Didn't I tell them that I went to the temple? The temple? Maybe you're mistaken I just went there and no one is around! You can't imagine the train to have broken down So you went to see your man Tell me Who is he? I'll get him and execute him No... No? Okay, I'll beat the secret out of you I need someone here Yes, Generalissimo Take her out Yes, take her out Yes Let's fight with them Brother Guan... Brother, let's calm down first There are a few hundred of them And there's only a few of us Going just like that means certain death So we give up? No, let me go back there To see how it is with Miss Chen Then we'll think of a way to rescue her What are you doing? I got food for her Miss Chen Miss Chen I'm Xiuzhu, I'm here to bring you food Time creeps away without a trace left My wish shines like the moon, the bird sings for me Mr. Fan, you really don't mind about my low status? How is she today? Not much progress Generalissimo, I don't think she can recover Even if you're really mad Still you have to tell me his name He's... Who is he? A bowl of rice Damn, I'll shoot you No, Generalissimo... Get off No, Generalissimo You're also good looking I'm hurting all over Come to my room to rub me some oil No, Generalissimo Take it easy, let's go Please don't Time creeps away Without a trace left My wish shines like the moon The bird sings for me Good, you have a nice body I think you'd look even better when naked Generalissimo, what are you doing? Didn't you say to rub you some oil? Oil? What oil? No, Generalissimo What are you doing? What am I doing? I want you to sleep with me No, no... No one dares to refuse me Generalissimo I don't really mean that I mean don't rush into it Since you've bestowed me with such an honor I'm more than willing to accept that But to get married I need to pick a good day And I also need red candles How can I wait for this kind of thing? Let's get married now, and have the banquet later No, don't do that It's all for your good If the girls from our village need to get married They must pick a good day to hold the wedding ...or their husband will die from curse Both my elder and younger sisters' husbands died My father's elder sister's husband died His younger sister's husband has also died Death comes even earlier for the bald head Generalissimo, how's that? If you don't mind Then I'll strip right away No, I think we better pick a day This is a good chance Pretend that you will marry him He'll be more off-guard on the wedding day Keep a watchful eye on him When there is a chance Cover the lamp shade with a handkerchief After we rescue Miss Chen You will leave with us Mr. Fan Get a boat ready at the North Pier outside the city After we rescue Miss Chen All of us have to leave at once We can't stay here anymore The biggest problem now ...is the checkpoint inside the city We need a car that wouldn't have to... stop for inspection at the checkpoint So that Miss Chen can leave with us smoothly The only way now ...is to ask for help ...from He Lishia, daughter of the Treasurer Jiashu, you sound very urgent over the phone What has happened? Miss He, let's talk over there! I guess you know all that has happened to Fengshian We're going to rescue her I think you know that I love you very much It's actually to my advantage that she's not around I can understand that Then why do you still want me to help her? I know this request ...may come as a bit harsh for you But, I love Fengshian deeply Miss He Last time at Generalissimo's place you saved me Why can't you save her this time? How strange that I will fall for you... when I'm surrounded by so many suitors I like none of them, but only you Just do this for me then! Give me the car keys I'll drive myself today Yes Come on, drink... Ladies and gentlemen Today is the wedding day of our Generalissimo Let's raise a toast to him Generalissimo, we propose a toast to you Me? Yes! Come on, come on... Drink up Generalissimo, I raise you a toast Sure I'll also raise you a toast Let's drink... Drink it... Drink it... You'll surely lose this time Hurry up The keys Everyone, I'm almost done I couldn't drink anymore My darling awaits me in the chamber Take your time Get off Watch out, Generalissimo My...darling Generalissimo Don't worry, I'll fly up to her now Take care Hurry up Almost done What's there to see? It looks like... There's nothing, nothing to see at all Come, we'll go inside Forget about that You look best this way Generalissimo Quick There are guards here Let's go back to that route Hurry up Get me a stone Oh damn! Let me go The Generalissimo's here, who dares to throw stones Who is it? Strange Let's go inside! Who are you? We're here to help you Help?...Help...Help! Come... Let's see what happened Run Open the door quickly Bump it open This way Hurry up, hurry up Knock it... Over there Get them Hurry up Officer Sheng, Look Mr. Fan, Mr. Fan Hurry up Let's go away quickly All is here Let's go Stop Don't move Want to get away after slaying the Generalissimo? Arrest them all Yes Go Chen Fengshian, you're a curse Don't move The car is here, let's go before they return Upon hearing the gunshot Let's go Fengshian, Fengshian... Sister, sister... Fengshian, Fengshian... Fengshian...